From:	UBVMS::V073PZUY     "Knight of the Black Rose" 23-NOV-1993 18:04:18.25
To:	MASMONST
CC:	
Subj:	I'm deleting this.  Save it to something if you want it.

Greetings and salutations, fellow travelers of the Realm!

You have just begun a fantastic tale of advneturer in and around the fabled
City of Tai-Tastigon.  Some pointers and things to do:

--READ MASLIB BULLETIN.  BULLETIN contains a lot of information and bantering/
bickering about new developments in the game, quests opening up, the addition
of new classes, and some cool in-character "propaganda" pieces.  To read the 
Monster folder in BULLETIN, simply type MASLIB BULLETIN MONSTER at your main
prompt.  For more on BULLETIN, type HELP inside BULLETIN itself, or mail
MASBULL (Bill Brennessel), who will be more than happy that I sent you his way:)

--EXPLORE.  There are two things that help you find out where you are, and where
your friends and enemies are in relation to you.  One is the WHO list (the
"where" column, all the way to the right, gives you the room the player is
currently occupying).  The other is EXPLORATION.  As you explore the Realm, you
will quite possibly get killed a lot, but soon you will know just from looking
at the "who" list that the quickest way from Forest Croosroads to the Serpent
Fountain is not, in fact, 12 east, 5 north, 2 west, and 3 north, but is, in 
fact, 12 east, 3 north, up, 2 north, down, west, and north (saves you a whole
one move and you risk falling from the Iron Catwalk you have to cross, but
hey!  That's the spirit of adventure!)  A rough map of the Realm can be found
on one of the early posts in BULLETIN, so be sure to read it.

--A couple useful commands in the game (the minimum letters needed to execute
the commands are in CAPS):

	--CAst THundering voice:  This will cast a spell that allows you to be
	'heard' around the Realm.  The game will prompt you for a text, and
	then will broadcast what you say around the Realm.  If the text is too
	long, you will see a blank line following the announcement, "You hear
	a message from X:".  In that case, simply cast again and shorten your
	message, or break it up.

	--BRief:  Used when you first enter the game, this command will turn
	the game to 'brief mode,' which eliminates the room descriptions and
	exit descriptions (visible exits are then listed next to the room
	name).  Typing BRief again will return you to 'verbose mode'.

	--WHO:  This is used a lot, and will tell you who is on the game, what
	class they are, what their alignment is, what level they are, and where
	they are at the time you call up the 'who' list.

	--SAY [text] or '[text] (Brackets are NOT required):  Allows you to
	talk to other people in the room.  Generally, just use:

	>'hi

	This will cause others in the room to see:

	X says, "Hi."

	Note that the game already provides a period, a capitalized first 
	letter, and the proper quotes.

	--HIDe:  Allows you to hide in a room if no one else is around.  
	Attacking someone out of the shadows does more damage than an average
	hit.

	--SEArch:  Allows you to search someone *out* of the shadows.

	--ATtack x:  Attacks a player named "X".

	--Quit:  Quits the game.

Any questions or problems, mail Chet Zeshonski (v073pzuy).

Or see Dhethe in the game.

