From:	UBVMS::V073PZUY     "Knight of the Black Rose"  9-SEP-1993 12:28:02.03
To:	MASMONST
CC:	
Subj:	How does this look?

I mailed this out this afternoon in response to several questions I got...
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

From:	UBVMS::V073PZUY     "Knight of the Black Rose"  9-SEP-1993 12:23:36.62
To:	@NEWGUYS
CC:	V073PZUY
Subj:	Questions Asked & Answered

The following questions have been asked me by various individuals who have
received my mass mailing.  I will now take the time to respond to all of you at
once so that anyone who has similar questions can have their answers as well...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

>If I were to join a group - say the Knights of the Crimson banner - how would I
>do that and what are the advantages of it?

There are different "groups" within the game of Monster itself; these groups are
usually referred to as "classes", each with their own stats and codes of 
conduct.

Membership in any group is often dependent upon acceptance into the group.
Besides the beginning classes (Knight and Goblin), there are no classes into
Monster that players can enter and leave freely.  Acceptance is often based
upon the approval of a class leader (more prominent in the older times of the
game than the new Alignment-dominated times) or MASMONST in the case of
special/Neutral classes (there are a limited number of Neutral characters,
because of the essential nature of the Good-vs-Evil conflict).

As for the Knights of the Crimson Banner--they are not necessarily a group
of just Knights or Templars, but are a band of warriors dedicated to 
championing the cause of Good over the forces of Evil.  The grouping is purely
arbitrary (you won't see "RedKnt" on the "who" list, for instance), and
membership is based upon certain criteria that can be obtained from myself
if anyone is interested in joining this umbrella coalition.

Advantages of joining a group?  In most cases, you are more likely to have
allies when you enter the game.  A lone Goblin, for instance, is pretty much
fair game for most other characters--including other Goblins.  A Hobgoblin,
however, being accepted by Mortem (Goblin King), is likely to be safe from
attack from other Hobgoblins, and will be able to count (reasonably) on support
from these other members.  Good-aligned classes are not prone to backstabbing.
Evil ones are.  Be warned!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> 	Who are the most powerful people in the game, and what group are they
>affiliated with. 

The best acknowledged players in the game currently are myself, Ironwulf,
Kane, Echtelion, Psychoholic Slag, and Mortem.  Myself and Ironwulf are
Templars (Good), and Ech is a Knight.  Kane is a renegade Evil swordswinger.
Slag is a Lizard Man currently, and Mortem is King of Goblins (Hobgoblins,
actually).

>It seems as though Psychoholic Slag and you are constantly trashtalking and
>badmouthing the other. Are you guys the respective leaders of Good 
>and Evil?

The door of leadership is open for any players to step through--that's 
especially why I have been so active and cooperative with MASMONST about
encouraging and helping the new influx of players.  If you have something
to say--anything at all--post it on BULLETIN!

The opportunity is there.  We still need a Balrog (Evil leader) and a High
King (Good leader).  I have constantly repeated my desire to see new players,
rather than old, fill those positions.  I am one of the game's eldest players
(and its only true playing statesman, I might add), and I am willing to throw
my support (vocally and fight-wise) to anyone who shows the courage and
leadership necessary to wear the High Crown.  I stand by that offer, and 
encourage each and every one of you to get truly involved in what can be
a really great role-playing game (when done right and with enthusiasm).

>	Lastly, is there any way to get armor/weapons/gold in the beginning so
>as to make it possible to survive against higher level, more experienced 
>players?  

Gold does not dictate the winner in combat.  Bought weapons are only marginally
better than free ones, and bought armor gives you maybe another hit or two at
best--for some 250 gold laid out in expenditures.

As far as getting gold--come see me or other players in the game, and you
might get some handouts.

Weapons and armor can be found in any of several shops scattered around the
Realm.  Walk into any room and type GET to see if items are for sale.

Some common stores are east of the Central Fountain (located in the middle
of the ancient City of Tai-Tastigon).

>Any fighting strategies in the game?

Fighting strategies are aplenty.  First, though, it is essential to know
the Realm and its layout, and that means exploring.  You also need to master
the art of the sneaky hide-and-strike-from-the-shadows approach, and be able
to tell when two people are fighting someplace else (they will be chasing
each other on the who list) and interrupt to kill one of them :)

Also, this game WILL develop your typing skills.

Another useful concept is known as the "answerback," found by hitting the f3
key on your keyboard and pressing enter until you come to a screen that says
"Autoanwerback" on the bottom left corner (about 5 screens through the 
directory).  Go down to the "Answerback" box and hit enter, then type in some
commands...maybe this:

Answerback: hid X . X . X . X

In this case, each "X" is really a [return] key, which leaves a little "cr"
printed (this stands for "carriage return").

When you hold the ctrl key and hit f5, you will execute the command string
in the answerback.  In this case, you will hide and repeat this 3 times (that's
what the "." is there for, and what it means--execute last command).

This can be useful, especially with things like crossbows and the like (where,
rather than type "use cross" every time you need the weapon, you simply hit
ctrl-f5).

>Hi, I am new here. 
>When I start the game, I can only start as Good or Evil, how can I start 
>as neutral, and how can I choose the "subclasses" of each alignment
>(example, the mage of Good or the mummy of Evil. Thanks.

Neutral characters are by appointment only by MASMONST, and for the time being,
the number seems to be set (and rather low).  If you would like MASMONST to
consider you in the near future, however, by all means let him know (mail
him) and play it up on bulletin and in the game (this sort of thing gets
rewarded!).

Subclasses are not currently available, and will become available as our
player cast expands.  As it stands now, there is strong consideration being
given to the idea of having Wizards and Druids "specialized" classes, sort
of like the old "lieutenant" classes, appointed by the High King.

I've got to run to class, I'll write more later.

In the meantime, if anyone has any questions, feel free to mail me and ask--
as you can see, they WILL be answered.

Also, someone please FORWARD me a copy of the first letter I sent out (simply
go to read the message from mail and type FORWARD, then V073PZUY at the "To:"
prompt).

---Chet (aka Dhethe)

