Torch held high to drive back the encroaching darkness and cold, the warrior
makes the last bold steps to reach the cold landing which has been the 
object of his descent. The flame flickers quickly as a gust of chill air
blows from the dark orifice before him. In a moment of trepidation he 
once again sees with horror the visions which have haunted his sleep for
days. In the chill darkness he sees the smoldering eyes that have no 
form, and the skeletal hand that reaches to take the object of his quest out
of reach. In a moment of panic, the warrior is tempted to flee, but does not. 
He is Rhoric Strongblade, and he has come to meet the challenge of the 
unknown.


Another gust of chill winds brings the warrior back to the present. He crouches,
and looks back up the twisting, ancient steps towards the surface to make
sure he has not been followed. It is an unlikely possibility, but these
ruins have had an unsettling effect on Rhoric. Even the air down here did
not seem right, it smelled...evil. With a wave of his gauntleted hand, 
Rhoric dispels his mental phantoms, and strides forward to enter the 
darkened madness which envelops the Dungeons of Solace...


...Stumbling in the darkness, Rhoric's breath comes in rasping gasps. His
shield lost in the first battle with the Ogre, his torch gone after the chase
with the Undead one, he is now reduced to prodding his sword in front of him
to find his way. Rhoric walks now on the verge of unbridled terror. The red
eyes in the darkness seem to follow him, unhindered by the twisting passages
and darkness. The warrior's mind is racing, searching for an escape, searching
for hope. "How foolish I was to come here alone" thinks Rhoric, his hope
of finding the great treasures the Undead Ones hide in these passages now
dashed. 


Suddenly, the red eyes are before him, and the warrior's sword is swinging
in the darkness, thirsting for flesh. The melee is frantic and confused. A
cold blade pierces Rhoric's mail, but in the close quarters he is able to 
flail his weapon furiously at the gleaming eyes. Rhoric's blade moves as
if through thick water, and the ghostly assailant is finally felled. Bleeding
from many wounds, Rhoric fumbles with his last piece of tinder to strike a
light by which to at least glimpse his victory before he is finally consumed
by darkness. In the light thus produced, Rhoric can only see a thin blade
lying upon the cold stone. Even this token of consolation slowly turns to mist
before the warriors eyes, just as the feeble light fails. 


Rhoric now crawls in the darkness, searching ahead with his now broken sword.
All hopes of glory gone, his only wish is to find his way out of this evil
maze alive. On his knees, he finds a break in the stonework of the wall,
and moves through. He is now in a narrow tunnel, but a lighter shade of
black seems to lie up ahead. Spurred on by hope, Rhoric crawls forward
as fast as is possible, praying for salvation from the darkness. 


He now finds himself in a new chamber. A faint filtering of light falls 
from above. Drops of water fall as well in a steady drizzle. The stone upon
which Rhoric crawls is damp, and icy. The chamber is still very dark, but
a single beam of lazily circling light lands upon something which catches
Rhoric's eye. Shortly after Rhoric recognizes the fabled jeweled hilt as
the object of his quest he sees again the red eyes of the Demi-lich in the
darkness before him...
