From: V124JW4Y (Benjamin R Pierce)
Created: 01-MAR-1993 (17:37:25)
Subject: Druids, awaken!                                 

Once again the world of Monster enters a new cycle...and once again, the
Druids must be there to meet and destroy the hordes who would rule in
our place.  Arise, my bretheren.  Take up your scythes, your druid spears.
Bring forth the Flamme DeTook from its place in the Druid Palace.  Call
forth the forces of nature to smite our foes and drive them back into the
darkness of the void.  In the name of the Druids, let this be done.

                                         In Service to the Druids,
                                         Conla of Alba
                                         Knight of the Red Branch

From: V063L2RQ (Matthew W Glanville)
Created: 01-MAR-1993 (20:30:40)
Subject: Arise noble Wizards                             


Since the beginning of time it has been the wizards duty to uphold
all that is great.  Mainly cause we are.

The realm of monster has been dead to the world for quite some time, and now
we, must kill those that have spawned during that time.  The Trolls, dumb,
smelly, and ugly, they must be massacred until all of their foul breath no
longer reeks upon this place.  The druids with their primitive tree worship,
and non-existant hold spells, must be slashed and burned until the scent of
pine-sol (tm) does not taint our noses anymore.

We the wizards, must summon devils, conjure demonic forces, and let loose our
indestructable power to accomplish those goals.  But we must remember to keep
increasing our numbers by tempting those lesser dwarves with our charm.  If
they do not submit, then burn their beards, and pound them into the earth from
which they came.


					Echtelion




From: V073PZUY (Chester H Zeshonski)
Created: 02-MAR-1993 (16:45:18)
Subject: Attention, puny mortals...                      

	Wanderers of the Realm, a time of rebirth is upon us.  The cowardly
Wizards, arisen from their graves, once again seek to impress their godless
ways upon the populace.  The loathsome Trolls have awoken from their sleep in
the Void, and pollute the purity of our Realm once more.  Three rogues--craven
wretches to a man--have taken upon themselves the title of "Warrior," when they
know not half the worth of the values they claim to uphold.
	And I, Lord Thanos of Titan, the Black Druid Terminus, have been sent
once again in the service of the True Powers to pass judgement upon these
defilers--and to execute sentence.
	The Gods favor the bold.  They surely grant no boons to mindless
abominations such as the race of Trolls.  Judgement has been passed.  The
Trolls shall be beaten back beneath the surface, to be buried alive at the hand
of the Earth Father, who dwells beneath the surface, and whose power they know
not.  There they shall rot forever, eternally doomed to gnash their teeth and
rend their own flesh in their foul madness.
	The Gods favor the bold.  Surely the craven "Warriors" are not to be
looked upon with favor.  These Servants of Darkness are masters of the
cowardly blow; the knife in the back.  Claiming alliance with the lowly
Wizards, they claim ignorance of the True Way.  Judgement has been passed.
Their monument to evil--their mighty fortress--shall be cleansed by the Lord
of Fire, who truly tests the mettle of all men.  As punishment for their
decadence, their souls shall burn forever as an example to all who would claim
the might of the Gods as their own.
	The Gods favor the bold.  What knows any Wizard of boldness?  Ancient
enemies of the Gods themselves, they have long sought victory over the True
Believers.  As always, it shall be denied.  Judgement has been passed.  Their
temple of heresy--their defiant tower, which stand in violation of the very
laws of nature--shall be thrown down by the Mistress of the Winds, and their
summoning chambers shall fall, and their stairs be toppled, and their demonic
allies shall avail them not.  Their souls shall be buffeted by howling winds,
and tossed around the Void like so many insignificant objects until Time itself
comes to an end.
	I myself shall kill the fool Echtelion.  I will nail his head to the
Chaos Cathedral, where his lifeless eyes shall be plucked from their sockets by
the goblin SAUL, and the flesh stripped from his severed head by dogs and rats.
Ours will be a feud of blood.  He shall be my sworn enemy in life, in death--
and beyond.  His blood shall be forever on my hands, and with it, the blood of
all Wizards.
	The Gods favor the bold.  Surely, then, the Druids are favored of the
Gods.  Brethren of the Sacred Oak and the Elements Four, the time is upon us.
	Judgement has been passed.
	Sentence shall be executed.
					On the Left Hand Path,
					---Lord Thanos of Titan


From: V124JW4Y (Benjamin R Pierce)
Created: 02-MAR-1993 (17:31:05)
Subject: Battle Cry                                      

The Mabinogian says thus:

"And it shall come to pass that the world which was shall change once more,
 and a Darkness will walk upon the face of the land.  And the nature of this
 Darkness shall have five parts.

 The least of these parts shall seem common, for it has plagued the realm
 since time immemorial.  Lowly humanoids, like unto the beasts of the earth
 in their wit but perverse in their nature, the Trolls shall breed and multiply.
 Slay them, but be watchful, for they are only the first sign...

 The second part of Darkness shall come with the return of individuals calling
 themselves Warriors, but be not fooled--these are not the proud fighters of
 old, but rogues who care for nothing save their own gain.  Trust them not, for
 their coming is a sign of worse things to come.

 The Wizards, too, shall return, and theirs is the third part of Darkness,
 for they represent a threat which is more than merely physical.  These
 foul necromancers consort with all things foul and unwholesome.  Be ever
 vigilant, and send their souls screaming to meet their demon masters
 whenever you meet them.

 There are the first three parts of the Darkness to come, and many will
 think they are all.  But these are only the precursors of the true evil
 which will be unleashed upon the land...

 The signs that the true Darkness is at hand will be thus: foul magicks
 not seen in the realm for many and many a year shall be felt again.  The
 powers of the druids shall desert them; our fell hold spells will fail us,
 and the secrets of the Death Chamber denied us.  When these things have come
 to pass, then shall the Elves walk the land again, malign in their dark
 power, gained through unholy pacts with the forces of darkness.  This is the
 fourth part of the Darkness, and it will be followed close on by the final
 and most fell champions of the new evil: the avatars of the Dark Powers,
 the foul and fell creatures known as Liches.  It is your charge, o Druid,
 to take up spear and sword and stand firm against this evil.  Your task
 will seem daunting, but be of courageous heart, for the Druids shall prevail.
 Our foes will be destroyed, their power over the realm broken.  Then shall
 Tai-Tastigon enter a new age of enlightenment under the guidance of the
 Emperor..."

 A brief lesson in great literature, provided free of charge.

                                      In Service to the Druids,
                                      Conla of Alba
                                      Knight of the Red Branch

From: V073PZUY (Chester H Zeshonski)
Created: 02-MAR-1993 (18:04:26)
Subject: RE: Battle Cry                                  

>The Mabinogian says thus:

>"And it shall come to pass that the world which was shall change once more,
> and a Darkness will walk upon the face of the land.  And the nature of this
> Darkness shall have five parts...

	[sacred text condensed]

> It is your charge, o Druid,
> to take up spear and sword and stand firm against this evil.  Your task
> will seem daunting, but be of courageous heart, for the Druids shall prevail.
> Our foes will be destroyed, their power over the realm broken.  Then shall
> Tai-Tastigon enter a new age of enlightenment under the guidance of the
> Emperor..."

> A brief lesson in great literature, provided free of charge.

Well quoted, and well spoken, noble Conla.  As promised, I have slain the
ignoble self-proclaimed Consorter of Demons, the fool Echtelion.  His soul was
not long alone in the buffeting winds of the Void, however, for his foul
henchman, the traitor Rasta Wiz, was similarly dispatched after several long
and heated battles.

As the Mabinogian sayeth thus:

"Against the odds, my servants, yet shall ye triumph."

>                                      In Service to the Druids,
>                                      Conla of Alba
>                                      Knight of the Red Branch

					---Lord Thanos of Titan, the Black
					Druid Terminus


From: V2316BSW (Daniel A Everett)
Created: 08-MAR-1993 (18:17:56)
Subject: Gae Bolga...                                    

Dreaming as the summers die, Jhoeseph the neophyte elf journeys to lands
	uncharted, chasing the legends of the Tuatha de Danaan.
First, through many snares of the Dungeons of Solace, where the Dark Ones hide
	their collected treasures, to find the amber and granite hemispheres...
Next, fusing the stones together into the Dreaming stone...
Finally, into the lands of make-believe, visited only in sleep, to retrieve that
	which returned to its makers once, but won't again...
Gae Bolga has returned to the lands of life, to return many to the sleep of
	death...

Victims countless, screams unending,
Maces bashing, axes rending,
Dreaming once to see the light,
Praying for the end of night,
Savoring your final breath,
Finding but the peace of death.

Faith, death, and endless night...

					Jhoeseph of the Crimson Branch

From: V073PZUY (Chester H Zeshonski)
Created: 09-MAR-1993 (10:13:22)
Subject: Night of Fire                                   

	Terminus cautiously descended the rickety stairs to the basement of
the mead hall.  Here, away from the splendid construction of the Druid
Palace proper, the air was dank and musty.  Three to one the foul Arch-Mage
Echtelion and his followers had outnumbered the Black Druid on this night.
Though Terminus had sent their souls screaming to the Void innumerable
times, the battles had begun to take their toll.  There was something
unsettling about this new adversary, "The Wizard of Id."  Terminus had
recognized the name from the annals in the Druid Archives.  It had been the
very name of a powerful mage from a bygone age.  As the Druid Emperor
called upon the Element of Fire to light the torches in the basement hall,
doubt began to enter his mind.  Ominous clouds hung over him, and he could
almost feel the cold, baleful, soulless eyes of Druidslayer himself glaring
hatefully at him from the Beyond.
	He sensed his enemy was near, here deep underground.  Images of the
grave filled Terminus' mind.  This wizard was like no other--he seemed to
glide like the Wind Itself, moving silently beyond the range of Terminus'
keen eyes, only to loose a horde of demons upon the Black Druid from afar.
Events were conspiring against him, and Terminus knew it.  Almost unbidden,
the words of the Mabinogian came to mind:  "Against all odds, my servants,
yet shall ye triumph."  Faith and peace returned to the Emperor.  The
written passage had long been a favorite of his, and he had always strove
to teach by example to his Druidic Brethren.  The words had rarely seemed
more appropriate.
	Muffled scuffling sounds were heard in the corner of the room,
snapping the Druid Lord out of his reverie.  He sensed his enemy was
coming, closer, closer...
	...and suddenly, the Magician was upon him.  Lightning cackled from
Id's fingertips, hungrily lapping through black scale mail as it scorched
Terminus' body.  Quickly he raised the jeweled scimitar held in his
gauntleted right hand, bringing it down in a swift arc.  As Terminus' blade
met the wizard's flesh, fire filled the air, setting the the Emperor's
black robes afire.  Another quick slice with the scimitar followed.  Demons
began to take shape in the shadowy hall, thirsting for the Emperor's blood.
	Terminus began to call upon the Element of Air, beginning the
invocation that would loose the powerful magicks of the Tornado upon his
enemy.  The howls of the demons began to reach a fevered pitch, as they
sought to distract Terminus from the completion of his summonings.  And
Terminus would yet have annihilated his opponent, had not the very shade of
Druidslayer himself materialized in the air before the combatants.  The
Black Druid's concentration wavered.  The winds of the Tornado dissipated.
Lightning crackled through the air once again...
	...and Terminus fell.  The fabled jeweled scimitar dropped from his
charred grasp, as his body was devoured in a cloud of greasy black smoke.
The Wizard of Id stooped down to collect the weapon of his fallen foe, as
the laughter of the disembodied Druidslayer echoed endlessly through the
nothingness of the Beyond...
	And this laughter reached the soul of Terminus in the Void.  It
resounded through both Space and Time themselves.  And it fueled the Spirit
of Fire in Terminus, burning away at his soul until only the Black Druid
remained.  And the fire that burned in Terminus was this:  to avenge
himself upon his enemy, and to drive this Unholy Wizard back into the
depths of Time from which he had come.
	And so it came to pass that Terminus met Death on many occasions
that night, falling victim to the fell magicks of the powerful Id.
Lightning most powerful was summoned to fight the lone Druid.  Demonic
Hailstorms were rained down upon his battered body.  Visages of Terror not
meant for mortal eyes were conjured up to drive the Emperor howling madly
into the Void.  And the Arch-Mage Echtelion joined in the fray as well, as
well as the magician Sir T, as all endeavoured to beat Terminus into
submission.
	But the Black Druid would not be denied.  As the Mabinogian
speaketh, "Against all odds, my servants, yet shall ye triumph."  Strong in
his faith, relentless in the pursuit of his enemy, undaunted in the face of
overwhelming odds, Lord Terminus did slay his foe at the site of the old
wall to the west of the fabled City of Tai-Tastigon, and the jeweled
scimitar, which had been wielded by Sualtim himself, returned to the grip
of the rightful Emperor.
	And from the Beyond, the spirit of Druidslayer screamed into the
Maelstrom...

				From the Annals of Hierophontus the Old


From: V057QKMM (Michael E Wolf)
Created: 09-MAR-1993 (19:41:49)
Subject: Me find Power!                                  


	In days of old, the Trols reigned supreme... Under the mighty king
Grundh, the blood of our enemies flowed like a mighty river.  Beware, for
the days of terror and destruction have returned... This day I reclaimed
the legacy of King Grundh.
	Many a day I had spent roaming the realm, searching dark corners.
In the very domain of the hated wizards I found mention of Grundh, but the
information was useless to m. Every Trolling knows the advice of Grundh:
Rule by Terror, Cruelty, Courage, Subjugation, and Domination.  So for
many more days I wandered the land.. I ventured even into the teerrible
dungeons of Solace, where many a trap lay waiting to send me to the void...
these things a trol is unaccustomed to. I prefer the soft squish of an
enmy's corpse to the cold steel of a spiked pit.
	Then, as I despaired of ever finding Grundh's legacy, as I roamed
the subterrainean depths I came upon a dark hole.. Sliding among a small
crevice, I entered a scret chamber... one which lay unisturbed for centuries!
And in the middle of the room... standing where Grundh himself had thrust
it, was his staff, topped by the skull of an elf! Even these many years later
I appreciated his grim trophy. Upon the staff I read Grundh's word, the key to
where he hid the skin of Vaprak, the mighty beast.
	Grundh had killed Vaprak and hidden his skin, the mightiest armor in
the land, so that one day only the true Trol king might posess it.  I shall
not say here where it was I followed his words to.. But I saw the body of
Grundh, and beyond it was his treasure! Daggers plunged into me as I crawled
forward, but I feared not, for as a trol I heed not such minor wounds.
	Remembering what I knew of grundh and his legacy, I recited the magic
word to enter the treasure chamber... and within the misty room was the skin
of Vaprak itself!! The armor that once shielded grundh from all his enemies
was mine once more!
	I, the true Trol King, have returned to wreak doom upon the land
again.  Under my leadership, the Trols shall rise up and crush the Druids,
Wizards, and other assorted puny slime of the realm.  Today is the beginning
of your nightmare.

	Oops.. I forget me spellin book... got ta study harder
	Me sorry me not spel right ... maybe drooids to stoopid to read it
	now. Oh well they be dead soon anyhow

						Babbling Sage


From: V073PZUY (Chester H Zeshonski)
Created: 11-MAR-1993 (19:24:10)
Subject: Beyond the Frozen Gates...                      

	And so it came to pass that the Lord Terminus, with the ancient artifact
in his possession, did travel far to the North, beyond the safety of the City
of Tai-Tastigon, beyond the evils of the Wizards' Unholy Tower, far beyond the
comfort of his own enchanted woods.  The man robed in black stood before the
massive gates, which had stood frozen shut for a time indeterminant.  Holding
the key before him, the Emperor approached the massive gates, which swung open
before him.  Terminus disappeared into the darkness beyond...
	...and into a wondrous world of white.  A long corridor of ice and rock
stretched before him, winding its way deeper into the icy mountain.  Terminus
had heard the legends of the White Armour, and had come in search of it.  He
was not unaware, however, of the legends of the Dragons--fiercesome creatures
which had not been seen or heard from in hundreds of years.  Many scholars
of the day doubted their existence, and a few even went so far as to suggest
that the Great Wyrms had never taken shape except in the minds and dreams of
fevered adventurers.
	Terminus, however, did not discount these legends.  Preparation was
always first and foremost in the mind of a Druid, and their Emperor was no
exception.  He had come to look and see what he could find, and was more than
willing to leave if necessary.
	The wonders of the hall the Druid Lord strode down were truly
magnificent.  Ice and rock combined into some new, and shifting, form.  Great
icicles hung down from the ceiling, catching what mystical light penetrated the
heart of this unseemly mountain and scattering it into myriad colors and
patterns which danced on the crystalline walls.  Snow fell here and there as
Terminus wandered deeper into the enchanted caverns.  The beauty of the scene
was not lost on the Black Druid.  Indeed, the sanctuary provided here was a
heartfelt respite from the bloody battles that seemed to fill every waking
moment of the Emperor's existence.
	Turning a corner, Terminus was snapped out of his reverie as he came
upon an even more wondrous sight:  he stood on a balcony of ice, a great
freezing cavern, immense by any standards, sprawled out before him.  In the
middle of this cavern, however, was an even more wondrous site:  a great Ice
Tree, the likes of which the Black Druid had never heard of before, much less
set eyes upon.
	Judging the distance, Terminus lept from the balcony to a nearby
branch of the humongous tree.  Descending, the Black Druid paused to take in
the wonders of the scene before him.  He was not long in doing so, however, for
dark images of Dragons and Death filled his mind, and he advised himself to be
more cautious in the future, lest he be undone.
	And Terminus did descend the great tree of ice, passing through great
halls of long-dead men, plated with bronze.  A great cavern opened up before
him, and the Keeper of the Jeweled Scimitar used his magicks to illuminate
the way...
	...and espied the lair of a large sleeping beast--indeed, a Great Wyrm.
And Terminus did retreat the way he came, departing that place of such beauty
and evil rolled into one, the sooner to plot his next move...

					From the Annals of Hierophantus the Old


From: V073PZUY (Chester H Zeshonski)
Created: 14-MAR-1993 (14:26:06)
Subject: A New Sojourn                                   

	And so Lord Terminus brooded long about his plight, and eventually it
was resolved that he and the Heldruid known as Junkie would travel back to the
Far North, to once again dare the icy caverns of the Great Wyrms...
	Through the Ice Wastes they traveled, and once again using the most
ancient of devices they had in their possession, they did pass beyond the Frozen
Gates.  And they traveled through the frozen caverns to the lair of the Great
Red Wyrm...
	As they stood in the Draconis Maioris, standing before the awesome
majesty of the Great Red Wyrm, they noticed a bundle of bones and string lying
on a heap on the ground.  The Red Wyrm considered the two men standing before
it, waiting, as if to judge them worthy or not of this prize.  And Lord
Terminus did speak the name of the Dragon, and soothed it, and safe passage out
was granted.  But Junkie had stooped down to claim the Dragon Claws, and the
Great Wyrm did unleash a mighty roar, the force of which shook the very Earth
itself.  And the Dragonstone did slip from the grasp of the Black Druid,
disappearing into a fissure in the cavern floor, and into the depths of the
Earth...
					From the Annals of Hierophantus the Old


From: V090RCMN (Thomas F Ducey)
Created: 15-MAR-1993 (11:32:58)
Subject: The Trol Canticles                              

......and the Druids dominated the earth for many decades, and the once
mighty Trol fell to the mace and spells of these wicked evil men. For
all these years of oppression not one leader could save the Trols from
their dismal plight. The Trols lostthe respect of the race of man, it
had been too long since the human felt the sharp claws of the Trol race.
And with the turmoil began the seperation of the Trol bloodline.
      The Goblins with a mighty leader, Mortem, a leader almost strong
enough to lead the Trols out of their dismal existence, forsook their
brothers and began to war with them. The Trol king Babbling Trol did
nothing to stop the Civil War and many a Trol and Goblin died fighting
eachother instead the other evils of the world. Lich, Wizard, Elf and
Druid alike all watched and took advantage of the Trols plight.
      Like the Canticle of the Trol says though "And in the darkest
hour of the Trols, an elder will rise amongst you. One who was long
thought of as dead but is alive amongst you. He will emerge from the
depths of the nether world, once again, and he will claim the crown
that is truly his to wear, he will lead the Trols to dominance once
again of the realm that is rightly theirs. No longer will the Trol have
to hide underground like a fox from the predator. They will walk
the earth once again, and all man will kneel to them."
      Thus the Canticle does speak, and with that prophecy I, Phosop,
after many a year hiatus have come back to my true race. No longer will
I watch the Trol be a mockery. Babbling Trol has no leadership and as
long as he is our leader, I am afraid we will continue to be a mockery.
I challenge Babbling to put up his crown. A true Trol does not deny a
challenge. If you Babbling are a true Trol you will face me and fight me.
If you do not face me I then ask the world of monster to force you
to abdicate your throne. For only a true Trol should be a leader, and
that true Trol is now me, as the Canticle prophesizes.
       With this challenge I also ask for a truce with the Goblins and
their king Mortem. Together the Trols and Goblins can rule monster
just as they have in the past. The Druids time has long since past. They
have the numbers, not the skill or the force. Together the Trols and Goblins
have it all. We would rise supreme over monster. Mortem, think about this
offer, for success can be at hand if you take it now.
        Babbling I will hunt you down and kill you, and tear the crown
from your skull. The Trols must dominate, and they must dominate the
world NOW!
                                   The New Trol Leader, Phosop


From: V063L2RQ (Matthew W Glanville)
Created: 15-MAR-1993 (13:18:55)
Subject: Cry Havoc                                       



	The mighty Wizard King Echtelion, entered the forbidden library, and
searched through the pile of artifacts and picked two that seemed the greatest
in power.  One, a small Rhinestone ring, that numbed the body, causing pain to
cease.  The other the great gauntlet of Crusader, a great Wizard who reaked
death to many a druid.
	One personage, named Tuttonius, a mummy.  Kept taunting Echtelion, and
somehow rendering himself like a statue, as soon as the Archmage entered a room
to attack.  Well, this Tuttonius, left himself at the ice wastes, and Echtelion
knew what to do then.  When Tut entered the realm of the living again, the
Archmage used his oozing terror, a spell most deadly.  The ooze slithered into
the room where Tut stood, then the spell tried to climb the walls of the ice
wastes, again and again, always failing, and falling to the spot where
Tuttonius was quickly dying.  Finally, after several attempts the oozing terror
failed to climb, and fall back.  But it was too late then, Tut was nothing more
than a small pile of flesh and bandages, the acid of the ooze, eating his undead
flesh until it could not hold his souless consiousness again.
	Echtelion gained a new level of power, he studied the Grand Grimoire,
and learned the most ancient spells of Brain Hammer, Strangulation, and the
deadly Fireball.  A spell even more deadly than the Druid Tornado.
	Lord Terminus laughed at Echtelion, he believed his spells to be
superior, and Ech believed him too.  But, with the power of Crusader, and the
Rhinestone ring, Echtelion waged battle.  Locust plagues flew everywhere,
causing vile disease, and starvation.  But, a few carfully placed Fireballs,
and Terminus could not hold out.  While Terminus raised himself from his usual
hiding position, and cast a Tornado, Echtelion did the same, and cast a
Fireball.  The Fireball broke the Tornado, turning it to a small dust twister,
a few leaves blew around, and added to the intense blaze of the fireball.  It
hit Terminus while he was about to hide, causing him to forget that he was a
Druid.  Terminus then flew east, towards the City of Tai-Tastigon, hoping to
loose Echtelion in the maze of streets.  But Ech had another Fireball, waiting
to be cast.  This one was enchanted from the Gauntlet.  As if Crusader himself
was casting it.  It flew with blinding speed, and turned Terminus into a
charred mass.  Similar to those patties of meat found in certain food
establishments in the long lost school of Buf-fellow.
	As Echtelion, crept closer to the body of Terminus, careful because of
the possibility, that the Druid Lord might have used some Lich magic gained
through the selling of his soul, and caused his body to become undead.  But the
Druid did not become animated.  Under the mass of burnt bone, which Echtelion
kicked aside, a Suit of White Scale mail was found.  Ech new this to be of a
very powerful nature.  He put it on.  Echtelion's flesh burned cold, then
stopped. His body felt rejuvinated.  Even more powerful.
	Terminus would not stop.  Even though his reincarnation knew that there
was no match for the Fireball, the Druid attacked again with the Dragon Claws.
These super sharp weapons, derived by some ancient beast, could always hit once
ripping Echtelions flesh.  But the Fireball prevailed, and Echtelion gained
those dragon claws.......
	A new order was declared in the Realm.  So, do not attack Echtelion,
else you will be banished to the void.

						Wizard Scribe.

From: V073PZUY (Chester H Zeshonski)
Created: 15-MAR-1993 (17:21:30)
Subject: The Forging of Doom                             

	The Druids had assembled in the Death Chamber once again upon the
calling of their Emperor.  A vile terror had been running through the land,
causing rumbles of fear throughout the Realm.  The foul Arch-Mage Echtelion
had acquired the powers of the great Dragon Claws, and armored with the
ancient white scale mail, had caused havoc and destruction far and wide...
	The Druids were all in attendance.  Culculhain, Conla, Ignatz,
Honninscrave, Junkie, the Disciple of the Way, Dark Horse--all had answered
their summons.  Only the Emperor himself was absent...
	Murmuring began amongst the assembled Druids.  Rumors had started
that Echtelion had become nearly invincible, and that the doom prophecied by
the ancient Wizard Scribes was coming to pass...
	All talk was cut short by the arrival of a man in black.  Terminus
descended from his chambers above the Death Chamber, and a hush fell over the
assembly...
	"Lord Terminus, we have come as you have commanded," began Conla of
Alba.  "What wicked ways are upon us?"
	Terminus looked over his flock.  He had known them all to be able
fighters, fierce in strength and stalwart in spirit.  Yet he knew the signs of
panic, and they had begun to show themselves.  Even the haughty Conla, usually
the most forward of Druids, seemed somehow resigned to some darker fate.
	Conla began again, seeking to provide some sound in the vaccuum that
had been created upon the Druid Lord's entrance.  "The Arch-Mage Echtelion
claims himself immortal," Conla continued.  "His powers are truly beyond any
the Realm has seen before."
	The Black Druid smiled, a dark sardonic grin that spoke of knowledge
unknown to the world at large.  "The fool claims himself immortal, does he?"
Black eyes bored into Conla of Alba's very soul, ripping away any false walls
that might have stood in their path.  "Like all Wizards, he seeks the powers
of the Gods Themselves for his own.  He is ignorant of the True Way, the ways
passed down from Time immemorial by the Demon Lords themselves."  Terminus
waved his hand, and the Demon's Tome opened magically in response.  Glowing
letters began to lift themselves from the pages, forming arcane words in the
air before the gathered assembly.
	"Did not the Demon Lords Brennte and Nadienn give us eternal life,
only at the cost of Death itself?"  Terminus stood before the Demon's Tome,
gazing sternly at the letters that formed in the air.  "This fool, in his
arrogance, believes himself above the very Laws of the Universe.  He shall be
undone as the forester who assures himself that his crop, which he has toiled
at not, will be enough to last him through the winter.  When the storm hits,
and starvation sets in, only then does he see the error of his ways.  Will
Echtelion be any different?"
	Terminus turned to face his charges, the look of Fate upon his grim
features.  "I think not."
	Culculhain stepped forward, to gain the Emperor's ear.  "My Lord,
a symbol is needed.  Echtelion wears the Gauntlet of Crusader, and the power of
the Wizards is flaunted before all.  Perhaps, had we some similar display of
the power of the Gods we serve, we could turn this battle our way..."
	The Black Druid mulled over the wisdom of the words of Culculhain.  He
waved his arm before the assembly, and spoke:  "It shall be done."
	And on the night of a black moon, the Druids made to the HelDruid
Forge, and great Faith was called upon, and the aid of the Gods was called upon,
and a great weapon was forged, to be a symbol of the strength of the True
Powers that the Brethren of the Sacred Oak served.  And the Black Druid Terminus
did pour in the Hatred of all Wizards that burned within his blackened soul,
turning the steel as cold as the grave; as cold as the Beyond.
	The liquid in the Forge cooled, and settled into a black form; a grim
symbol burning against the light of the False Wizards.
	Raising MageCrusher before him, Lord Terminus spoke from the words of
the Mabinogian.  And the words resounded throughout all the Realm, and carried
even to the Forbidden Library, where the heathen Echtelion plotted and schemed
and consorted with demonic entities.
	And the words were thus:
	"Against all odds, my servants, yet shall ye triumph..."

					From the Annals of Hierophantus the Old


From: V133NL45 (Mark A Finnegan)
Created: 15-MAR-1993 (17:55:30)
Subject: the immortal that isn't                         

	..and the battle was waged across the land. Two unlikely companions the
Heldruid Disciple and the DemiLich Nighshade did try to contend with the
destructive powers of the seemingly invincible Archmage Echtelion. The land
grew scorched with the scorching powers of the fireball, the ground hissed in
horror of the powerful acids the Archmage unleashed. Many times the two
companions were destroyed...hit with the foul Brain Hammer..but the two knew it
was a war of attrition. Each time the mighty Echtelion grew weak he somehow
escaped the double-edged attack of the two 0 level berserkers.
	Finally the two hunted the Archmage down...into a dark back alley did
the One flee. Nightshade did enter followed by the brave Disciple of the Way
and there did they wreak great blows upon the feared Echtelion. The wizard in
his desperation tried to run north but he was trapped. Still north was the way
he wanted to flee but he lacked the powers to blast the wall out of the way.
Each time he hit the wall the Archmage was sliced by the Two. The Wraith blade
drank deeply. The Foul Echtelion bled froma dozen wounds...there could be no
escape...
        That was when Nightshade and the Disciple learned that Echtelion truly
had discovered the hidden secrets of immortality. For within that brief moment
when the two's weapons did cut into the portective white scale, Echtelion used
a hidden power, taught to him years ago by the once mighty WizKing Gandalf.
Echtelion raised his hand up and did cast the ShifterNoKillMeFiver spell. The
Archmages body became as strong as steel and the Two's blades couldn't cut
through the results of this powerful spell. When the spell wore off and
Echtelion reappeared his wounds were miraculously gone.....

-from the unholy Book Of Shadows


From: V057QKMM (Michael E Wolf)
Created: 17-MAR-1993 (17:38:58)
Subject: The Death of Echtelion                          


	Trols on the left. Trols on the right. The arrogant ArchMage
Echtelion and his cohort Wizard of Id wandered the realm, thinking of the
Trols as hapless targets. But today, with the TrolKing rallying his troops,
it was not to be. Throught the city they did battle, mages hurling spells.
Ech's Dragon Claws ripped into the Trols, and with his gauntlet he threw
fireballs and magic missiles at the low level trols. But lo! Wizard of Id
deserted him for a moment. Surrounded, Ech sought to flee. But from the South
approached the TrolKing. Ech had slain him many a time before... but today,
as Grog distracted him, Ech was unprepared for the ferocity of the assault.
As my claws ripped the flesh from his bones, Wizard of Id came and delivered
a single blow to me. Then, I know not how, but he stopped hitting me. As
I tore Ech's body apart, the blows raining against the scale mail, he sought
to flee once more as is the way of the Wizard. But this day it was not to be.
Some mighty force held him at bay, and to the astonishment of the realm,,
the "immortal" wizard king fell under the death blow of the one and only
true TrolKing.
	In the confusion after the fight, Wizard of Id lurked in and grabbed
the White scale mail and the gold. But I, Babbling trol, recovered the
Gauntlet of Crusader and the Rhinestone Ring, and the Dragon claws!
Today the Trols triumph!

						Babbling Trol

From: MASMONST (Monster Maint. Acct)
Created: 18-MAR-1993 (17:39:19)
Subject: A Prophecy                                      

================================================================================

Of prophecies and lost treasure stories abound, and the wise seldom pay
heed to such tales intended to inspire the foolish. But this I shall say:
never in my travels had I ever met a being more mysterious or enlightened
than Lord Wystryk, and the prophecy he fortold is one which I find
difficult to dismiss.

I relate to you know the tale as it was told to me:

'The Sons of Lothlorien, beget by Old Radagast and tainted with his Evil,
eventually came to a violent end as a result of their black ways. Their
homes were burned, their children enslaved, their identity purged, and
their dark knowledge forever destroyed. But this shall not be the end of
their tale...

From the cold hearths where once their magic was forged, new life shall
spring forth. These Warriors of the Golden Glade shall lead themselves
along a path neither of their old Evil, nor one of Good, but rather one
of hidden purpose.

For it is fortold that these Eldren Warriors will be tested sorely for
their birthright, but in their hearts they shall possess they power
to awaken old Magiks and thrust upward from the forest a Citadel from
which they will rule with strength and power.'

These are the words of Wystryk.


                                      Heirophantus the Old

From: V090RCMN (Thomas F Ducey)
Created: 18-MAR-1993 (18:07:52)
Subject: TROL KING!                                      

Babbling,
    What is this about shutting me up? First of all let me make a couple of
comments......You talk like an idiot.
    Babbling says: Me dum, me duh big trol...me kil yuh and eat yuh, yummy
What kind of talk is this? This is the talk of lunatic, raving slime. This
just goes to show you the depths the Trols have sunk down into. You are
not fit to kiss the feet of the lowliest goblin, let alone rule the mighty
Trols, which is one reason I refuse to admit your leadership until you can
defeat me in mortal combat(which will by the way...not happen).
    I on the other hand come from the ancient lineage of the Trols. The
highborn's, the once mighty Trols who lived above ground until the druid
became powerful and due to lack of Trol leadership we were forced to live in
the caverns that you Babbling would be content to live in for all eternity
so you could make love to your fist all day.
    It is time for a rebirth. The trols must once again make themselves
noticed....by ripping out the hearts of every non-trol in the game! Today
the trols gained some respect and honour when I fought the Druid Emperor, The
Black Druid Terminus. Though I fell in battle to this worthy adversary, I did
not flee as is the ways of the current Trol King. To gain respect and honour
one must persevere, and this I did. One day Terminus will fall by my hands,
but unless the Trols stand behind me my efforts will be fruitless.
   I implore to all players, and I emphasize the goblins especially, follow
me Phosop in my quest for the Trol crown and the re-emergence of the Trols
as a legit power. New players, join the trols for their sheer power, spells
can be unwieldy at times and having claws as powerful as the Trols will
make you an instant threat. To powerful players, come follow me and help me
re-build the class that once saw dominance over the realm. Together with
new and experienced we can be a power to be reckoned with. Anyone interested
in becoming a Trol please mail me at v090rcmn, and I will give your name
to the OP and he will make you a trol. Consider what I have said. The
re-emergence of the Trols is a must for this game, and Babbling cannot do it
for you.....look at his rule so far. 18 goblins and 5 trols. The Trol class
doesnt seem to be prospering? He is constantly being ridiculed, have I been?
No, I have only gained the respect from the players I have faced.
    Join me fellow Trols and watch the realm flee before us. The Trols are
rock bottom right now, and Babbling is holding you in the mire. The rebirth
is awaiting us! We will once again roam the free land, and druid, elf, warrior
mage and lich will flee before us! The time for the Highborn elves has come.
Just as the Canticle of the Trol has stated "And this mighty ruler will
come from afar and lead you once again into the open air and the endless sky,
where you can live above ground and drink from the cool stream and gaze
at the skies that they may tell you the stories of the eons."
   That time is now fellows. We must begin.
                                        Phosop

From: V124JW4Y (Benjamin R Pierce)
Created: 19-MAR-1993 (01:26:44)
Subject: Words of Wisdom                                 

The noble Reverend Torch has spoken words of great wisdom, and I find myself
taking his lesson to heart.  Perhaps the time has come to set aside taunts
and insults for a time, though in the cse of many of the Realm's dwellers,
they leap to mind as readily as water from a spring.  Now is the time for
action.  I extend an invitation to all beings of valor and honor, be they
found among the brutish Trols, or the studious wizards, or the undead
Demiliches (if they are, indeed, capable of honor) to meet me on the field of
battle.  I make no boasts; I simply make this promise: I will meet you, with
pike and spell and sinew and cunning, and I will slay you if I can.  But I
will meet you with honor, and should Samhain call for my soul, I will meet my
fate with composure. This is the way of the Realm, the way things were meant
to be. To all who follow this code, good hunting and fortune in battle 'till
our blades cross--and then may Arawn's blight be upon you!


                              In Service to the Druids,
                              Conla of Alba

From: V090RCMN (Thomas F Ducey)
Created: 19-MAR-1993 (12:10:01)
Subject: Trol Talk and the like                          

   First off let me correct one thing. I did not play a trol simply
to gain the trol king position. I challeneged for the kingship because
under the guidance of Babbling the Trols are going nowhere. 5 Trols,
and 18 goblins. People would rather be goblins than Trols, which are a
stronger and better all around class! Either Babbling is recruiting much
or he cannot get people into the trol class. If this is allowed to remain the
trols will rot into further disrepute, which I as a trol will refuse to
happen. The logical choice according to the old addage "You want things
done right you have to do them yourself", was to challenge for the kingship.
   As for a date for the challenge I ask for the duel to be held next weekend.
Preferably late at night and on Saturday. If this is unacceptable then I
will be more than happy to work something out with my schedule.
   Next....as for my spelling. Babbling, you are the lowest of the low.
A cretin who has acquired the throne by literal default. Any servant
can climb upon his masters throne when the ruler is not around. Unfortunately
for you though Babbling, your superior has returned, and the throne is
rightfully his. Just remember the Canticle of the Trol and you will
see the prophecies point to me to lead the Trols into the new Era of
monster and Trol domination over the druids, mages, liches and elves.
    The highborn trols have returned to claim what was originally theirs.
You cannot stop us or we are more powerful and intelligent. A mind along
with a superior body cannot be stopped. You are simply no match for us.
Step down while you can and spare your life and possibly some respect.
    Lastly, when I said if I lost I would leave the trols I meant
that I would leave because I will not be associated with you. You make
a mockery of the trol class and I refuse to partake in it. If I cannot
defeat you then I will leave, to avoid further struggle with you and the
other trols(who BTW I have NO quarrel with) and because I would effectively
be an outcast where the Trol class would not benefit me.
    Babbling, I will meet you on the battlefield, and our blood will
be spilled, lets just see who's head is the one that rolls......

                                                        Phosop

From: V133NL45 (Mark A Finnegan)
Created: 21-MAR-1993 (15:26:59)
Subject: into the flames                                 

     ...two fiery orbs stared out from beneath a black hooded mantle and
surveyed the room. The room was cloaked in complete darkness and was utterly
silent. The only visible object was a tremendous ivory throne, made of
thousands of jeweled skulls. The being walked closer to the throne and then
stopped, shifted slightly in it's dark cloak and withdrew a demonic scimitar
and held it aloft. The lich then placed this on the floor and likewise placed
a large bundled object next to it. The undead then kneeled in reverence before
the great throne and waited nervously.
	After what seemed like an eternity, the room became deathly cold and a
omnipotent presence filled the room. The smell of death and sounds of tortured
screaming filled the air as the presence grew stronger. The lich had faced
hundreds of opponents without fear, but the Master WAS fear itself. The
presence seemed be nearly whole and it's power was now being directed from the
gruesome throne.
  Suddenly a deep voice that echoed like a million tortured souls spoke:
  "Welcome Nightshade, I hope you have again fulfilled my wishes?"
  The lich without looking up replied:
    "Yesss Masster, the emperor was dessstroyed asss commanded."
  "And have you brought me his weapon?"
    "Of courssse Massster."
  "SHOW IT TO ME, SLAVE!", the voice tore at Nightshade's enslaved soul.
	The lich reached out and unwrapped the bundled object before him. A
large black mace was uncovered. It was etched with sigils and druidic writings.
  The voice again spoke, this time comfortingly:
  "You have done well my servant. The weapon I see before me is the mace known
   as MageCrusher a symbol of the meager powers the mortals possess. I now see
   that it is nothing. Take it back where it came and do what you will with it.
   Go now, you know what your purpose is, continue and you shall be rewarded."
         The presence suddenly was gone and the room was again deathly silent.
Nightshade waited momentarily then quickly snatched up the mace and his
powerful Wraith Blade. The lich then retreated to his home, the land of the
living to deal death, steal souls and capture the items of power.
         And where the liches screw face and Nightshade went, death claimed
their enemies...the souls devoured by the sustaining flames.

-the Book of Shadows




From: V131PYDS (Mark W Ferguson)
Created: 21-MAR-1993 (20:13:38)
Subject: .... shopping at the flame of souls....         



     ...two fiery orbs stared out from beneath a black hooded mantle and
surveyed the room. The room was cloaked in complete darkness and was utterly
silent. The only visible object was a tremendous ivory throne, made of
thousands of jeweled skulls.  The being pushed his shopping cart timidly up to
his masters lofty throne.  Carefully he pulled several prizes and wizard
parting gifts out and placed them on the floor.  Taking great care, he hoisted
the mallet of sounding and struck the Bong of the abyss 3 times.... no more...
no less.... BONG BONG BONG
	After what seemed like an eternity, the room became deathly cold and a
omnipotent presence filled the room. The smell of death and sounds of tortured
screaming filled the air as the presence grew stronger. The lich had faced
hundreds of opponents without fear, but the Master WAS fear itself. The
presence seemed be nearly whole and it's power was now being directed from the
gruesome throne.
	There stood the master.  Impatiently he whispered...
"heh dudes.....  whats up?"

"MAASSSSSSTER!!!!!!! MASSSTER!!!!!!!! Look what we gots!
 Elfstones!  the shards of something or other! this white armour! the happy
 bolga!  magespanker! this fabulous 24 caret scimitar!  and a rope!"

as the master stared at the assembled items a small grin came to what might be
described as his facial area.

 "slick guys.... now... you guys need anything?  a new spell?  privs? a window
 in your cell?  name it...."

 "A SPELL MASSSSSSTERRRR!!!! YESSSSSS!!!! SPELLLLSSSS!"

 "ok... here is a neat little spell i learned while in the orient... it kills
 you and the other people in the room... of course if they don't die and you do,
 they get the xp. no matter if they hit you or not....   cool huh?  now get
 of here and kill some folks. ok?  and get that shopping cart back to wegmans
 before someone notices."

         The presence suddenly was gone and the room was again deathly silent.
Nightshade waited momentarily then quickly snatched up the mace and his
powerful Wraith Blade. The lich then retreated to his home, the land of the
living to deal death, steal souls and capture the items of power.
         And where the liches screw face and Nightshade went, death claimed
their enemies...the souls devoured by the sustaining flames.

-the Book of Shadows

From: V071RCVS (Matthew S McGlincy)
Created: 23-MAR-1993 (10:57:19)
Subject: excerpt                                         


	Taken from the works of the great scholar Detson:

	"And he did taketh the elfstone, bearing its hidden prize with him
	as he journeyed.  Went he past the druids, many times fearing their
	cannibal plants and their sharp knives.  Under their palace went he,
	delving far into the recesses of darkness.  Standing upon the stone
	where the elflord fell, he pushed past all barriers, coming upon the
	land that was lost - Lothlorien.  Then, with the power of his elfstone
	and the will of his spirit, he opened the stone and released an elf's
	soul, mingling it into his own.  Thus was the race of elves reborn...
	"


From: V090RCMN (Thomas F Ducey)
Created: 24-MAR-1993 (21:51:26)
Subject: The Trol Canticles                              

   The sun was a red as the blood that tainted the ground on this frost
bitten day in fall. Standing above the corpse of a brown robed figure,
a tall handsome figure stood above the carnage he and his minions had
 created.
    "Tis a good day for the Trols", Lord Arexel told his mighty band.
    "Yes it is my liege, the upstart druids have fallen once more."
    "Ah yes they have but beware my sons for the humans of the woods
     they are wise and their leader Culculhain will not rest until
     we are wiped from this earth."
...And with that the mighty Lord Arexel, King of the Trols turned from
the slaughter and returned to the Mountain of Skulls with his minions,
for the rule of the Trols was strong and fierce.
   This way did they rule for many an age. Under the might of the powerful
Lord Arexel and his mighty magic, for a strong power was held my Arexel
and no man was match for him. He ruled the realm with an iron fist and
his son, Phosop was in line to succeed his father when the day came
that the mighty Arexel would step down to practice his arcane magicks
and leave the realm to its own squabbles as all Trol Kings had done
before him.
    It was a night in the winter of the wolf. The trols had begun the
Feast of the Mighty when the terror struck. Culculhain and his
minions assisted by the might of the Death Lord Arawn himself, took
The Mountain of Skulls under siege. Arexel and his Trols would not
stand such and attack and the Mighty Battle of the Gods began. For
day and night, for weeks the two sides waged war on eachother, with
neither side gaining advantage......
......Until the plague.
    With the help of Arawn , Death Lord the druids unleashed a mighty
plague that claimed the life of many a trol. Arexel hard pressed by
the combat tried with his mighty magicks to overcome this atrocity,
but alas it was to no avail. Bound by his pacts with the forces of magicks
Lord Arexel was banished to the Ethereal, never to be seen again...
.......and so ended the mighty reign of the Highborns.
    Forced into subjugation by the druids, the trols were banished to the
caverns where they never saw the light of day again, under the threat of
death. The few highborns that refused to be forced into the mockery the
druids planned for the trols, led by Phosop, fought their way to the
Ashen Wastes to dwell for the time until they could once again return
to their homes and liberate their people from the harsh rule of the
druids.
     That time had come, and Phosop returning, rightful heir to the
throne that his father had held when he dominated the realm, found
a twisted sickened slime that dared call himself a true trol and KING!
What blashphemy! What an outrage! The albino'd wretched cavern dweller
was not fit to wear the crown and Phosop and the last of the highborns
 to survive the terrible ages in the ashen wastes realized they were the
last of their kind, and if there was to be an era of rebirth for the
trols it must begin with them...and so the rebellion was begun.
 ---->The Canticle of the Trol

From: V090RCMN (Thomas F Ducey)
Created: 25-MAR-1993 (11:36:53)
Subject: The Trol Canticles                              

    A tall figure stood and stared at the swirl of mist that projected
itself in front of him. Within the mist small figures seemed to mill about
and go about their bussiness....and it seemed as if some were fighting.
    "My my my....do we miss our old world Arexel?" said a hunched figure
mockingly.
    "Yes we do demon spawn, but I honored our pact and here I will
remain in the Ethereal."
    "It seems as if you son,Phosop, has come of age and is challenging
for your old position as the much feared Trol King."
    "Well", Arexel chuckled mirthlessly,"it is not such a lofty position
as when I was forced to leave it."
    "Yes...we have seen the slime that rule your race Arexel. Magickless
brainless and gutless, it has fallen into somewhat of a disgrace"
    "My son is here now though, and he will return our race into it's
former glory"
    "Yessssss....that much is true."Said the hunched figure as it stroked
an old leather bound book."It is prophesized in this book which your
old race called the Canticle of the Trol."
    Arexel stared at the hunched figure long and hard."That too was
lost to our race, but my son was well taught in its verse and it will
not die as long as he survives and perpetuates the Highborn"
    "Well we will see Arexel. Maybe your child will wind up here with
you......." And with that the hunched figure dissappeared into the darkness
of the nether world.
    Arexel turned back to the misty globe, and with a swipe of his powerful
hand he dispersed it. He then turned to his bare room and began to
meditate. "If I cannot be with you in the physical I can be with you
magically son."
    "The highborns will be with you on the day that you go to battle to
return the trols to the might and glory they long ago had."

-->The Canticle of the Trol

From: V090RCMN (Thomas F Ducey)
Created: 29-MAR-1993 (09:51:58)
Subject: The Trol Canticles                              

    Phosop stood alone in the garden where he had been making his home. The
cool night air blew against his body, and he sighed a sigh of relief.
    "My time has come father....the highborns will once again, after tonight
  rule the Trols and then the realm will soon follow."
    Phosop picked up his belongings, threw his cloak over his strong broad
shoulders and marched off into the woods. No longer would he and his people
have to live in the caves they were forced into. A new era has dawned upon the
Trols and at 9:30 tonight they will have gained the respect and honor they
have long searched for, when their new leader leads them into greatness.
     Phosop the highborn, Phosop the Trol King, Phosop the one prophesized
by the Canticle of the Trol to lead the trols to greatness.
    The duel is ready.... Babbling Trol ..I hope you like the void.


From: V124JW4Y (Benjamin R Pierce)
Created: 02-APR-1993 (01:52:46)
Subject: A parting                                       

Conla sat upon the ramparts of the Celtivirke, gazing out across the vast
forest. The early morning mist had settled upon the trees, cloaking them in
silver. A cool spring breeze blew through his clothing, but Conla did not
notice. His mind was troubled, the Balance disrupted. Strife had broken out
within the Druid ranks, with many talking of abandoning the old ways. Conla
had hears of such talk among the other powers of the Realm, of Trols scorning
the wisdom of their elders and Wizards selling their sould for new powers.
But now, within the numbers of the Druids themselves?  Turning, he made his
way down into the castle, to the chambers of the Emperor.

Terminus was in deep meditation as Conla entered, his back to the Heldruid.
It would have seemed to one not familiar with the Druid Lord that he was
unaware of Conla's presence, but it was not so.  Without turning, Terminus
spoke: "Greetings, Conla," he said, "You are troubled."  It was a statement
rather than a question.

Conla nodded in assent to the truth of the Emperor's statement and replied,
"Lord Terminus, you know where my loyalties lie. My strength, my heart, my
life for the Druids--and yet, the Druids are divided.  And that division
has thrown me into chaos.  What shall I do?"

Terminus did not react, save perhaps for the slightest of nods. "You must find
your own way, Heldruid. Plans are in motion which will have great impact upon
the Druids, but you must walk a different path. It falls to each of us to seek
the Balance in his own way.  Now begins your quest to find the Balance for
yourself.  Many have sought, and few succeeded.  Yet you will try--not because
I command it, but because it is the Way.


Conla nodded. He knew the ritual of which the Emperor spoke, and of the danger
involved. He also knew that it was the only path for him.  The next morning,
Conla departed the castle, clad in a simple robe, armed only with a staff of
oak which he himself had cut. Druids, both those of the Castle and those of
the Lake, were present, as the ritual of the Quest required.  Turning to them,
Conla spoke.

"Hear me, Heldruids. Hear me, Druids of the Lake. I am one of you, a Druid--
 and I see your division, and weep.  Therefore do I eschew armor and weapons,
 and forsake the sanctuary of Castle and Forest.  I venture into the world to
 do battle against our true foes, those who would see us all destroyed and
 the way thrown into chaos.  Never again shall I enter the realm of the Druids
 until the Druids are whole once more. Fare you well."

With those words, Conla strode forth to do battle, armed only with quarterstaff,
sinew, and courage. And what befell him is a story for another time...

From: V134KKHP (Thomas E Warnock)
Created: 02-APR-1993 (02:24:30)
Subject: Embrace the Water                               

	With all formal business done the Council of the Lake rose from their
seats and broke off into small, serious discussions of the present situation.
Gothmog du Lac, however, walked off into the shadows to contemplate recent
events...
	Gothmog quietly passed the Forest Crossroads on the way to the Lake.
He thought back to the days when he first became a Druid...and the reasons he
became a Druid.  For it was certainly not The Way that called him.  Nor was it
the decaying Earth, the burning Fire, or the bellowing Air.  Twas the Water
that had always whispered to him.  The Water that cleansed him, both body and
soul. The Water that him and his Brethren swore their allegiance to while they
knelt at the Chamber of Hues to receive the sacred title of "du Lac." The Water
that graced his presence every time he brandished his Lakeblade.
	The young Lake Druid Gothmog reached the Lake and knelt at the edge of
the water.  His meditation was so deep that he did not realize as two of his
Brothers, Orakio and Retsbuc, approached him.  It was Retsbuc that first spoke.
	"Gothmog, my Brother, why did you leave the Council to come here
alone?  After the powerful outcry you exhibited at the meeting, me and the
others were waiting to talk to you alone, yet you ran like the wind to get back
to the Water.  What is bothering you so much that you cannot share it with your
Brothers?"
	Gothmog paused for a moment, then spoke.
	"Retsbuc and Orakio, I appreciate your concern, but I do not know if
you will understand my position.  I was never much of a druid in general, yet
the Water always had an awesome power over me.  That is why I helped Cu
Culhain, both of you, and my other Brothers to form the Lake Druids.  It was
hard to initiate this painful Division from the rest of the Druids.  For I
still respect the others who do not follow the whispers of the Lake, and do not
wish to see them harm.  Yet I am a slave to NO one, Emperor or otherwise, and
that is why I chose you all to become my Brothers.  For we are true equals,
that need no leaders, for our mutual respect of each other and the Lake drive
us forward and bind us together."
	Orakio's disarming smile came to his face as he approached Gothmog and
stood in front of him.
	"Gothmog, till today, I didn't know you had such a devotion to the lake
and such feelings towards authority!  It makes me feel good to know that I am a
Brother of such a man as you.  For it will take Druids like you in order to
help us to get through this crisis.  Retsbuc here has voiced the same feelings
himself.  We formed this Council in order to become equals.  Our destinies have
become our own, and we would not have it any other way."
	"Tis true, Gothmog.  Orakio is one to come right out and say what he is
feeling.  I, myself, am more of the muscle of this outfit.  My devotion is to
my Brothers and to the Lake.  Yet I hope that I will not have to deal any
punishment towards the other Druids.  I myself, until recently, was known by
the name Hel Druid, as was all of you as well.  It seems, however, that we do
not belong in such a sect, for we are strong in will and independent in
thought.  Enough of talk, my Brothers, for the others are gathered in the
Chamber of Hues in preparation of a grand celebration in honor of the Lake, for
it is the lake that gives us protection."
	Retsbuc walked towards his Brothers in Arms as they turned towards the
forest in silent acknowledgement of the other Elements.  Then the three Lake
Druids walked into the murky depths of the Lake in order to join their Brethren
in celebration...

