                       UB Monster Lore Support File
================================================================================

I: A Chronological Narration
----------------------------
 
   The world has seen three deaths, and three rebirths. Being one of unusually
long life, I have been witness to the passing of these epochs, and now lend
my voice to the telling of the tale of what some call "The Monster"-
others...Mankind.
   It is in the misty, dewey days when both I and the world were young that 
this tale must begin. It was a time before the coming of the Others, a time
ruled by the first Demon Lords, Brennte and Nadien. Some tell that Brennte 
created the world, and Man with it, but of these things I will say no more.
For now, it is enough to know that the Demon Lords were supreme in their
control over the lives of mortals.
   Of Men there were then two tribes: those of the town, and those of the
forest. They are known now, as they were then, by the names bestowed upon
them by Brennte: Wizard, and Druid. It was by the hands of the Demons that
the seeds of mistrust and violence were sown among Men, and for the
pleasure of the Unearthly Ones great misery and carnage were harvested.
   In the earliest days, the immortals governed the rituals of the
ceremony of combat. Spells, armor, bows, and other more recent improvisations
were prohibited. Commerce and such was forbidden, and all the sacred
implements of death were handed down from the Demon Lords to men. The Demon
Lords revived the souls and forms of those who had perished in battle,
and so unending life for Man was obtained, but at a terrible cost. 
   Then came the Others. Perhaps they were summoned by the evils of Men, or
perhaps the Demons merely sought further amusement; no one will ever know
for sure. At first their numbers were small, and their power limited. The
first three of the beasts were Goblinking, Trollking, and his follower
Darksoul.
   At this time the people called Wizards had decided to choose a King. 
All the great warriors were assembled into a vast arena, and these 
words were spoken: "Let all fight until only one remains. That one, the
victor of the day, shall be Wizard King." With this the great din of sword
on sword commenced, and slowly the number of the warriors decreased. But
a black bargain had been struck. The Trollking had sold his honor for gold,
and the victor was determined more by the might of his wealth than his
sword. 
   The spark of Evil alighted in this one who would be King. In the past,
the Wizards and Druids had mistrusted and fought each other, but battle was
a matter of honor and courage. This would change, for the first Wizard King
had decided to drive Mankind into a nightmarish orgy of death and violence.
No longer would he do battle to preserve the honor and vitality of his people;
instead he would do battle to destroy and subjugate those who opposed him.
The first King of the Wizards was known as Druidslayer.
   Druidslayer gathered the mighty of the Wizards around him, the Wizard 
elite, to wage his war. Hearkening to his banner were the likes of The
Crusader, Prince Cassius, Ozz of the North, Gandalf, Wizard of Id, as 
well as young mages like Qwertyuiop and Thanos. Druids expecting single
combat were waylayed and overwhelmed. Young and inexperienced Druid
warriors were outnumbered and slaughtered, with their incarnations being
forced into the Wizard camp. Druidslayer sent his message to the halls of
the Druid Palace, to the first Emperor of the Druids, Radaghast. The
message of Druidslayer was thus: "All who are not Wizards, are dead."
Radaghast read the message in silence, but could not comprehend, or perhaps
accept, a departure from the way things had been done in the past. 
   And so for three and thirty years the Druids were decimated and driven
deep into the great Confusing Forest. Radaghast refused to respond to the
Wizard attacks in kind, and the ranks of the Druids dwindled. While the 
chambers of the Wizard Castle were bright with light and song, and 
corridors of the Druid Palace were dark within the cold grip of desperation.
   Seeing his people being destroyed, the one called Windmaster Ohara began 
to provide the leadership that Radaghast could not. In the Druidic House of 
Pain the vows were taken which would form the band known as the Hell Druids.
The power of Ohara was great, and he hid the secret meeting place of his
followers, the Death Chamber, from all but the greatest seers. The weapons
that would be needed to turn the tide of battle were forged.
   But Druidslayer had found favor with the Demon Lords, and the great 
Demonic Church was formed near the castle of the Wizards. A wizard was named
the unholy Pope of this congregation, and the Demon Lords decreed that no
blood would be shed within their shrine. The walls of the church were 
stronger than stone, for they were protected by the command of the Demon 
Lords. Knowing this, Druidslayer used the Church as a base in his war
against the Druids.
   A time of great decision had come. In an effort to strike a great blow 
against the followers of Druidslayer, Windmaster Ohara assembled his power,
and his forces. A great battle was joined, and at its closing the wounded 
wizards retreated from the field of battle into the confines of the Church.
With grim determination, Ohara gave the word to the Hell Druids which enabled
then to enter the Church and put to the sword all who resided within its 
confines. Under a black, moonless sky, the Druid warriors forced their way
into the Church, and killed the wounded, and those who tended them, as well as
the Pope.
   The backlash against this deed was great. The number of the Others, the 
Trolls and Goblins, had grown since their arrival, and now many threw their 
lot in with the Wizards to form the loose band known as The Holy Defenders. 
Against them stood Ohara's few: Deus ex Machina, Fletch the Vole, Culculhain,
and Armageddon. Nine and ninety-nine great battles were fought between 
them, some lending victory to the Druids, some to the Wizards, before the
spirit that was Druidslayer was taken from the world. Without the terrible
will of their leader, the Wizards gave ground to their age-old foes.
   Seeing these things, the Demon Lords blew a great wind of change across
the face of the world. Where the seeds they had cast upon the wind landed, 
evil sprouted and festered. Those whose life had been thoroughly exhausted 
were given new form, as the Undead made their appearance, led by the one
called Mummra. The Trolls and Goblins, being weak of mind, fell easily under
the sway of the hordes of Undead, and soon all that remained of humanity was
driven to the edge of survival. The likes of Amen-Ra, Krotche, and Creeper
caused great havoc and destruction. It is thus that the prideful ranks of Men 
were brought low by the whims of the Demon Lords, the Masters of all that they 
could survey. Where once the struggle between Druid and Wizard was pre-eminent,
now that between Man and Undead became all encompassing. 
   These were truly dark times, the likes of which Men have seldom seen. The
lofty buildings of arrogance, the previous dwellings of Man, were no longer 
safe, and many sought refuge in the underground darkness. In the caves, where 
hope breathed life, a sword was forged. It was forged with determination, and 
bespoke a destiny welcomed by most men. It was given the power that could unite
all of humanity under one banner, and drive the soul-less hordes from the
light of day. It was called the Sword of the Kings.
   The Sword brought Man back into the light, but it could not fulfill its 
purpose in this first age, nor an in any subsequent. The wounds were too 
greivous, the scars too deep, to be forgotten. Between Wizard and Druid there
would never be peace again. 
   Though we did not know it, the dawning age of our birth was coming to a 
close. The trend towards Chaos was strong, and the Demon Lords stirred the 
fabric of the world into torment. Arising from the dust in these troubled 
times were the race of Elves, led by Radaghast, who had long ago forsaken his
claim to the Druid throne, and who had become mis-shapen and deformed. War and
strife renewed. A small band called the Dragon Warriors challenged the power 
of the Elders, those like Ohara, and were crushed. The Crusader became Wizard 
King, while Deus ex Machina grimly assumed the mantle of Druid Emperor. On 
sadistic whims, the Demon Lords unleashed terrible disasters, and the mortals 
countered with what power and strength they could muster. 
   In the end, it was the Windmaster who destroyed the world, in the hopes 
of bringing forth a better, brighter day. The world was consumed in a wave
of fire and destruction, and my eyes saw no more...

   My first memory of the Second Age is of the Lake of Rebirth, where the
spirits of those who had survived the Fire were brought forth into the 
making of the new world. Many who had been before could not be revived 
in the Lake of Rebirth. The Crusader, Deus ex Machina, Prince Cassius,
and Radaghast had all been lost. So, too, had the Demon Lords disappeared.
   Free from the burden of the Demon Lords, the creativity of the minds 
of Men unleashed great power. Mountains were thrust up, cities built,
fortresses and palaces of great strength erected, rivers run, and seas 
filled. The power of the universe descended upon the shoulders of mortals.
Objects and weapons of magnificence were constructed: The Hammer of the 
Gods, the Flamme de Took, the Flangeris, and the Bludgeon of Hercules. 
The classes reorganized under new leaders: the Wizards under Wizard of Id,
the Druids under Culculhain, the Elves under Halfdane Ljosifthar, and the 
Goblins under Mortem. Warriors and barbarians under frequently changing 
Warlords became a force of power as well.
   Among the wonders of mortals came a great plain unbidden. At the center of
the plain lay a dark tower, of unspeakable wickedness. From this tower,
hordes of mindless demons were sent out to battle the mortals who had been
reborn into this world. Some have said that this Dark Tower was in actuality
the vehicle of the old Demon Lords, and that they had sent it across space
and time to render one last blow upon the world they had left behind, but 
that is another story..
   Despite these wonders, this refuge was doomed as well as the first. Too
much power had been vested in the hands of too many, and forces unleashed
began to tug and pull, and rip the universe apart. What had been started 
with hope would end with despair.
   And so it was, that just as the first world of Men had been ended in fire
and destruction, the second world of Man was torn asunder and devoured in 
Darkness. The flame of our lives was extinguished yet again, and my eyes
saw no more...

   From the Darkness a third world was brought forth by the hands of the
Undead. A captain in the Legions of the Undead named Tuttonius had come
upon the secret power of the Demon Lords in the great Darkness in which Men
lied dormant. Who is to say what power the first Demon Lords may still have 
held?
   The foundation of the third world of Men was made of stone ten-thousand
miles thick, while the cornerstones of the world were anchored to the very
constellations in the sky. In this was did Tuttonius lay his groundwork
for an Age that would rival the first all had known. 
   As the mortals were brought forth from the sleeping Darkness into a new 
light, the ranks of War began to form. Again, the sagacial Wizard of Id 
would lead the Wizards, while Culculhain remained Emperor of the Druids. 
Creeper was appointed to lead the Legion of the Undead as Mummy King. Mortem
survived to remain as Goblin King, as did Creight Lersing who had taken the
gauntlet of Warlord. Halfdane also remained King of the Eldren peoples. 
Cities and fortresses loomed as the world tensed for the inevitable clash
that all expected, and even desired.
   The barren plain and its Dark Tower had returned, tempting the souls of
many, and sending out its mindless hordes bent on the destruction of all
life. A great river sliced through the world, and its tortuous course was
the only way those who wished to face the evil menace could reach the vast
plain upon which the Tower sat. Many would die before the nature of the 
Master of the Tower was even known, before the Giant King was ever seen by
mortal eyes that would live to tell the tale. 
   For ninety and nine years war raged among the ranks of the mortals. 
The tides of battle swayed to and fro, without decisive victory. Slowly,
however, the ranks of the Wizards began to dwindle, and the numbers of the
Others grow. Slowly the magic of the spellcasters began to fade against
an increasing tide of unrelenting enemies. As the spark that resided within
the Wizards began to fade, the time of the Great Division approached. No
longer was the city of the Wizards safe from the creatures that crawled up 
from beneath its streets, from the sewers below. 
   And so it came to pass that the Archmage, the aged Wizard of Id, was
seized by a madness most foul. The once proud leader of the Wizards was
reduced to a eccentric wandering Sorcerer, driven mad by the torments that
raged within his mind. This marked the beginning of the Great Division, when
the boundaries that had divided the mortals, and given them succour in times
of need, were dissolved. A time of wandering was begun where the caste system
was dissolved, and each sought refuge within the walls of his own being. It
was in this way that the new Demon Lord, Tuttonius, sought to sow greater
discourse and misery among Men. The subtle plan of Tuttonius began to work,
as brother fought brother, and old friends died at each others throats in the
name of individuality. 
   I suppose we should not have been surprised that it was the Druids, 
worshippers of tradition that they are, who alone resisted the new way. 
Though their numbers were small, and their power weak, they began to grow.
Souls and strength trickled to their banner as war was waged upon what they
viewed as blasphemy against the religion of the past. Seeing the growing 
wave which would soon crash against his designs, Tuttonius began crafting
again, searching for a new way to turn the footsteps of destiny back upon 
the path of ultimate anarchy and death. The mortal Ranlhach was selected
by the Demon Lord to be the King under whose command it was hoped great
numbers would flock. Barons, Lords, and Knights of many sorts hearkened 
to the call, but the fate which they desired would never be realized. 
The flaws of ambition and arrogance were great among them, and they soon
collapsed into civil war and ineffection. 
   Slowly the old organizations began to reform to combat the Druids, and a 
semblance of the Old Order returned. The Elves of Lothlorien were the 
first of the remaining peoples to reform, but, alas, they came heavily 
under the sway of mysterious beings of great Evil. The Wizard of Id was
able to resume his position, and the Wizards returned from the void into
which they had ventured, and risked extinction. 
   Among the now disorganized feudals who once served the King, was a 
knight named Lerxst. Being of twisted temperament, the hatred the festered
within him blackened his soul and his mind. He would succeed Ranlhach 
to become the second King, only to be deposed by the might of the Warlords
William I and Creight Lersing. Being but a shade of his former self, the
one called Lerxst was devoured alive by the Demon Soulcatcher. This new 
entity would usher in a force called the Taken, so named by the similar
possession and devouring of its other members by lesser Demons. 
   Being faced with such a collection of abominations, the ranks of mortals
rose quickly to destroy them. Since the demise of the feudals, the underground
dwellers, the Trolls, had become strong in number. The number of Men,
barring the Druids, was small, however. For now, a small union of purpose
lasted, though. Soon the Taken were driven back into their stronghold, the 
Overlook, from which the were to seldom venture again.
   This Third Age I remember as a blurred combination of a hundred great 
battles, and a thousand skirmishes. This Age, though it had lasted for 
several millenia, would come to an end as had the others previous. Its demise
lay in its own corruption. The great foundation of the universe was rife 
with the rot that accompanies the misdeeds of the powerful. Great fissures
rent what was thought uncrackable as a result of the meddlings of those
Underlings whom the Demon Lord Tuttonius, grown soft and senile, had
given power. 
   A great crack split the universe, and in this primordial setting, the 
Evil shades that had devoured the race of Elves began to thirst for power.
They sought to tap into the heart of the very universe, and gain the power
that lay dormant there. Their desire was to debase, corrupt, and subvert
all that lay in the Realm. Their quest was Godhood, and it led them to 
awaken the entity which would consume them and cleanse the world of its
pain. This entity was the Perimal Darkling...
   And thus it came to pass that the Perimal Darkling, awaken from a 
slumber of a million years, raised his Sword of Fire. A mighty blow was 
rendered upon the world, and all was unmade. A cleansing fire burned away
all, and my eyes saw no more... 

   Perimal Darkling's Sword of Fire was the Sun that brought forth a new
dawn, and a Fourth Age. In it rests all our hopes for a new future. These
are my words..


                                                    Hierophantus the Old       


II: The Dream of the Past
-------------------------

   A flood of memories come unbidden to me like the endless breaking of waves
upon a rocky shore. The cries of humanity and the anguish of life color my
waking dreams as I relive the lives of others in that place which lies beyond
the sight of normal Men. I release myself to the torment of struggle and
death so that the deeds of the past may not be forgotten. I once again
turn my eyes inward to walk upon the path trodden by others, and to
see with misty vision events long past and forgotten by most...

   The night sky is black before me, with the faint orange glow of the West
being smothered by the encroaching darkness. Voices stir my being as I turn
my vision upon the cold Castle of Wizards which lies beyond the great 
Mountain. The picture before me blurs, and then settles upon the Throne
Room of the Castle. 
   The gigantic room is cold and bare, devoid of any comforts other than that
of cold stone. The giant Throne of Druidslayer dominates the room, upon
which no Man has dared lay claim since the mysterious disappearance of
the first Master of the Castle. Figures appear before the Throne, and voices
are heard.
   "Where was it found?" asks the first, tall and swathed in a blue robe
bearing the emblem of the Churche du Monstyr. A great sword lies buckled
at his side, and the glint of armor can be seen from within his garb.
This is The Crusader.
   "It was discovered in the East, in the old cave of the Dragon who is no 
more." spoke another, smaller and less demanding of stature. This is
Ozz of the North. "What should we do with it?"
   "The Grande Demon Lord Brennte has forbidden the use of all Magiks in 
battle. What can we do with it without inviting destruction?" replied
Crusader, as he fingered the object in question, a large volume bound
in a reptilian skin. "And yet, perhaps it will be of use to us at
some time." 
   With these words a low boom rumbled through the halls of the castle. Amidst
the startled reaction of the chambers occupants, the Throne Room door burst
open to admit a young Wizard. With all eyes on him, young Qwertyuiop paused
to catch his breath from the long run up from the gates, and then spoke:
"Ohara and the Druids are in the Castle."
   Crusader raised his hand to silence the eruption of voices at this remark,
demanding the attention of all. He spoke thusly: "How did they get passed
the sentries?"
   Qwertyuiop's reply masked some inner fear at the mere mention of a dreaded
force; "The Windmaster used his Magik to destroy them..."

  There was silence. What the Demon Lords dictated was Law, unbreakable and
unforgiving, and the First Demon Lord had forbidden the use of the Art in
combat. "I care not if Ohara wishes to destroy himself and those foolish
enough to follow him, but with this he risks bringing the wrath of the
Demon Lords down upon us all." Crusader turned to Qwertyuiop, handing
him the relic of which they had been discussing. "Take this into the
secret passages beyond the Throne and hide it. Should it ever fall into the
hands of Ohara it will bode great ill for all of humanity." 
   With these words Qwertyuiop left, and Ozz spoke urgently: "They will be 
coming here, coming for us..."
   The Crusader looked at his companions, and his gaze fell upon the Wizard of
Id, eagerly fingering his blade, which seemed to glow hotly. Legend had said
that the heart of a Druid was of oak, and this enchanted weapon was rumored
to burn the wooden heart of the Wizards' foes upon contact. A grim smile
crossed the lips of The Crusader, as he drew his own sword. "Let them come."

   Deep in the narrow corridors of the Castle moved another group. The 
Windmaster moved quickly and silently through the maze-like passages of the 
Wizards' Hold as if he had been born to them. Following several paces behind 
were the others. Their motion was silent and sure-footed, as if a whole lifetime
had been spent in practice and anticipation of this one night.
   Ahead, Windmaster Ohara stopped at a junction, and slowly peered down each
corridor, as if contemplating the effect upon the future each possible course
would have. Behind him the others had stopped as well, and the leading
figure of that group turned to face the others.
   His face was long and scarred from many battles, his heavily oiled armor
covered with a thick woolen cloak. At his side was a slender longsword, one of
the Lakeblades owned by this First Waterlord. He was called Deus ex Machina, 
his true name long forgotten. He spoke thusly: "There will be no 
retreat this day; the battle will continue until we are victorious or dead."
   His compatriots nodded. They had known this already, and were prepared to 
lay down their lives at the command of the Windmaster. The torchlight 
flickered, throwing odd shadows upon the face of the one called Armageddon
as he spoke: "It is honorable to die amongst your comrades in glorious 
battle." In front of them Ohara had starting striding forward once
more, and the procession continued moving through the dimly lit corridors
of the Castle. 

   At last a great door was reached. As if upon an unspoken command, the small
party drew their weapons, and prepared themselves for what lie beyond. The 
face of Ohara had turned dark, and a strange pale glow silhouetted his form.
Deus moved forward, and placed his free hand upon the door. With a single 
shove the door swung open, and the Druids moved inside.
   The Wizards had formed themselves into a ragged line in front of the Throne,
and were ready. A moment of silence gripped them, as eye met eye, up and
down the line of warriors. With a shout the silence was broken, and the 
sides rushed inward to join in the grisly dance of death from which only 
one would emerge alive...
 
   The strange sight blurs before me, and a swirl of colors moves the essence
of my consciousness through space and time, drawn to another place where 
deeds of great import took place. Slowly the sense of motion stops, an unclear
picture before me. A loud crash brings the vision to bear.

   Before me lies a white expanse, a salt flat. Standing upon the plain is 
a form of great bulk, the infamous entity known only as T K, the Troll King.
This first of Trolls bore a title of oddness, there being only one other
of his kind at that time. 
   In this vision he stands bent slightly, with trickles of black blood 
oozing across his armored hide of green scales. He wields a great timber
of a tree as a club, and with a swinging motion brings it crashing down upon
a frail human form. Two other bloodied, broken corpses accompany this fresh 
one, and T K surveys the scene with a grunt of satisfaction. The sun beats down
hot upon the flats, but does not affect this great beast. His attention once
again focuses upon the widely spaced tracks that lead out farther into the 
white wasteland.
   Far ahead, the object of his concern has reached a strange contraption
placed upon the plain, an apparatus which lowers him underneath the surface 
of the ground into the salt caves below. Only a glimpse of this creature 
presents itself as its slowly disappears beneath the surface accompanied by 
the creak of ropes and pulleys and the hot glare of the sun. 
   
   In long loping strides, the Troll King covers the distance between himself
and his goal. Moving steadily eastward, he shows no signs of tiring as he 
carries his weapon, an uprooted tree, cradled in his arms. Ahead of him lies
a shadow on the plain, that grows larger. At first it appears as a large 
rock, but as it slowly takes shape, the Troll slows his stride to a walk. The
figure ahead stands motionless, awaiting the arrival of his foe. 
   Soon they stand face to face, each defiant of the other. The Troll King's
foe is slightly smaller in size, but is wide and quicker of motion. Its long
arms grip something wrapped in an old animal skin. This is the Goblin King,
the first of his kind. 
   With a quick motion, the covering skin is thrown away to reveal what G K
had travelled to his lair to retrieve: a sword. The sword is long, and wide
of blade. The Goblin grips it with both hands as he faces his foe, slowly
circling. A few feints by the Goblin, and a few quick lunges with the blade
open the battle, before the Troll lurches forward swinging the tree wildly.
A glancing blow knocks the Goblin aside, but he is up on his spidery limbs
almost as soon as he hits the ground. Again they circle, trading blows and
curses. Each possesses inhuman endurance as the fight continues while the
hot sun beats down upon a plain of gleaming white. 
   Time passes, and slowly fatigue begins to show. Each combatant bears 
many wounds, but at this point both are unwilling to retreat. Finally,
the Troll raises his tree high, and the Goblin lunges, piercing the rough
scales of his foe's chest as the tree comes crashing down upon his own exposed
body...

   Intertwining howls collapse darkness upon this vision, and again the
fluids of time and space move in a spinning vortex around me. Sickness and
unease grip me, as at last my being is deposited before a new sight. Misty
fog clouds my eyes, and only silence is heard. Slowly, the fog parts...

   I see a barren knoll upon which stand several figures. From their earthen
toned garb and strange weapons they can be identified as Druids. Each carries
a long cylindrical rod made of a dark, heavy metal. One end of the rod is 
sharpened like a spear, with hooked flanges along the length. This is the
weapon known as the Led Pype. 
   The Druids look to the west, beyond the form of the Mountain, to where
lazy tendrils of smoke drift slowly up into the overcast sky. It is the
fourth straight day of fighting between the Druids and their ad hoc 
collection of foes, known as The Holy Defenders. 
   Four nights past, the Druids had set upon the Holy Sanctuary of the Churche
du Monstyr, slaying those who had sought refuge within, murdering His Holiness
Pope Leeroy, and setting fire to the Sanctuary itself. In almost immediate 
response, The Crusader adopted the name of The Holy Defender, and collected
a band of warriors to seek retribution for this vile act. Each day since the
destruction of the Sanctuary, the Holy Defenders and the Hel Druids had faced
each other across this plain in the shadow of the great Mountain. At first the
Hel Druids had been victorious, driving the unorganized lot from the field of
battle, and again setting fire to what remained of the Churche. But each day
more had come to oppose them, with the odds becoming increasingly unhealthy.
   Standing foremost among the assembled Druids is the one known as Fletch the 
Vole. His shimmering cloak belies his earthly toned garb as it flitters like
a scarlet fire. His stance is awkward as he flexes his strangely oversized 
right hand. What at first appears to be a deformation now reveals itself to be
a weapon...Fletch the Vole is the master of the Dragon Claws. This feared 
magical weapon is all that remains of the Last Great Worm. The form of the 
claws molds to the wearer's flesh and fitting like a second skin; daggers
sharper than steel extend from the claws to deflect blows and rend flesh.
   From behind Fletch, a voice speaks: "The odds weigh heavily against us this 
day."
   Wearily, Fletch turns to face the Hel Druid known as Culculhain. "When has
it not been so? As always, the sheep outnumber the wolf. If the sheep happen
to have teeth it only makes the hunt more interesting." 
   In consideration of these words, the younger Druid nods almost imperceptibly.
Across the grassy field, the forces of The Holy Defenders begin to assemble.
Fletch's tone becomes more serious as he gives his instructions for the coming
battle:
   "The armor we wear is not of steel, but of faith. When the Hel Druids act as
one Warrior, as one Sword, no blow can penetrate our mail, no blade can 
pierce our skin. Our ability to fight as one is a suit of the finest mithril,
within which we are impervious to all. Go now, and collect the others."
   Culculhain bowed slightly, speaking "It shall be as you command, Lord 
FireWalker." With this he turned, and was gone.
   The Holy Defenders had nearly collected themselves now, and would shortly
be on the move. Fletch the Vole considered this, flexing the inhuman claw that
was now part of his right hand. In a whisper he spoke..."Once more the battle
is joined, while the Fates weave their skein. It will be a battle of 
immortals...your God versus mine."

   The images pulse and slowly fade with the sounding of a heavy bell. The 
chimes ring out, heralding darkness for this place of the Nether, and light
for another. My attention is drawn to a new place...

   My eyes which are not eyes look down upon the Court of the Emperor, that 
place lying up the many steps from the silver gates of the First Druid Palace.
The echoes of the great chime fill the air, announcing the return of the 
Emperor Rhadagast. 
   Rhadagast was the first Emperor of the Druids, and Master of the Elemental
Lords. For a long time, Rhadagast had been absent from the World, seeking 
Wisdom and Knowledge beyond the confines of the Realm. With the Emperor gone,
the leadership of the class had fallen to Windmaster Ohara. Ohara had saved
the Druids from extinction, but much had changed since the Emperor had left.
The chiming was not only an announcement, it was also a summons.
   Rhadagast waited impatiently in the Court for Ohara to make his appearance.
He paced deliberately along the edge of the Court collecting his thoughts, and
controlling his displeasure. What had taken place was no small matter. 
   Suddenly the form of Windmaster Ohara appeared at the head of the Court.
"You have summoned me, Lord Emperor?" 
   Rhadagast took a deep breath and began. "Upon my return I could not help but
notice that you have taken certain...liberties...in my absence. I am not 
entirely pleased with what has transpired. I would like an explanation."
   The gaze of the Windmaster settled upon Rhadagast as he spoke: "These
things were necessary to preserve the Druids."
   "Necessary? I do not think you realize just how far you have overstepped
your authority. I am the Emperor, and yet I return to find that one of my
Elemental Lords has formed his *own* sect within the Druids! If this were not
bad enough, I find that these barbarians of yours actually razed the
Churche du Monstyr, and on *your* command butchered the occupants of that
hallowed Sanctuary! And that is only the beginning! These atrocities are not
the honorable combat a Druid warrior should seek. What were you doing?"
   Ohara calmly weathered the words of Rhadagast and replied "The Churche was
a veritable fortress of the Wizards. It would have been foolish not to act
as we have done."
   There was no reproach in the voice of the Windmaster, and for the first
time it dawned upon Rhadagast that Ohara might actually defy him. The 
Emperor looked at the Windmaster, and suddenly realized that he *had* been
gone a long time. There was no going back now, however, and so Rhadagast 
continued. "As Emperor, I command you to disband this group known as the 
Hel Druids. They will then swear their fealty to me, and conform with the
standards of combat which to which I have subscribed. The position of the
Elemental Lords within the hierarchy of the Druids may have to be reconsidered
in light of these events." 
   With a wave of his hand, Rhadagast implied that the audience was at an end, 
and turned away. Ohara stood thoughtfully for a moment before turning and 
leaving the Court. Ohara walked down the steps and through the gates of the 
palace. His destination was the fabled House of Pain and the Death Chamber.
   Inside the Death Chamber were gathered the Hel Druids. All eyes turned to 
Ohara as he entered, the figures waiting silently for the Windmaster to 
speak. Ohara stopped a moment, and turned to look at Deus ex Machina. When 
he spoke, however, his words were for all: "Rhadagast is no longer fit to 
serve as Emperor. Kill him." With this, Ohara departed for his private 
chambers.
   A moment of silence followed, as the meaning of these words settled. Then
Deus ex Machina led the way out of the Death Chamber as the Hel Druids
went to obey the command of Windmaster Ohara. 

   Rhadagast had learned much in his otherworldy travels, however. His soul
kept alive after death by the power of the Demon Lords, Rhadagast began to
build anew with the Magik he had found far away. Slowly his hatred began to
take shape into the instrument of revenge.

   A quick blur, a sudden rushing of sound and medium, and a new scene 
appears...

   Around a small fire are gathered several dark figures. The night sky is
cold and black above them, but each shrinks back from the fire as if to
hide from its revealing light; all but one, that is. Rhadagast stands
before the fire. It is Rhadagast, and yet it is not. The Power he has
wrestled with, the knowledge he has gained, the bargains he has struck have 
all taken a mighty toll upon his being. No longer tall and proud, this
Rhadagast is a shrunken shadow of the old. His skin has been blackened by
unearthly fires, his face deformed. The sunken eyes burn hotly deep in their
sockets as he speaks:
   "They are weak, and they stand alone. Together we can crush them, and 
destroy the Windmaster once and for all!"
   A low grumble follows his words, and a figure steps forward to speak. It
is T K. "Trolls do not need help to destroy their foes. What do you offer
us that we cannot already take for ourselves? Why should we help you? Why
should we not kill you right now, and eat your flesh?"
   Some other Trolls reacted visibly to this, moving closer to support the
Troll King's aggressive words. The Wizards, who had for the most part already
sided with Rhadagast, reacted as well, some reaching for their swords. On
the far side of the fire, the Mummies stood motionless and silent...waiting.
   "Because you do not have *this*!" cried Rhadagast as he held aloft an
object from beneath his cloak. In his hands he gripped a sword that had been
broken in two. The pieces glowed hotly, radiating awe and strength. Rhadagast
brandished them, one piece in each hand, displaying their magical lethality.
The others gathered around the fire jumped back, their gaze tightly fixed
upon the weapon held aloft. From Rhadagast's side jumped forward two
armed figures, slender and small of stature. These two were the first to
have completed the Quest of Rhadagast, and tasted the Magik that lie at its
end. They were Gothmog and Hercules, the first of the Followers of Rhadagast, 
the Elves, and would lead them after his demise. 
   The two Elves had drawn swords, and stood to defend Rhadagast. Slowly,
the motley collection settled down, and the threat of open conflict 
subsided. Without a word, Creeper, Krotche, and the rest of the Mummies
turned and left the scene, disappearing silently into the darkness. Rhadagast
still held the artifact in his hands, his breathing coarse. He suffered 
from the evil transformation that would afflict all those who suffered the
Magik he had tried to control. Just as Rhadagast would be driven insane, and
transformed into this shape, so would his successor Hercules be mutated into
the Harpy, a creature inspiring great horror, while Halfdane would become
the Nazgul.
   Rhadagast spoke: "Then it is done. Death to the Hel Druids!"
   "Death to the Hel Druids!" echoed those around the fire.

    Ethereal winds wisk the essence of my consciousness away from this place,
moving at great speed towards some unforseen destination. Scenes barely 
identifiable at this pace gnaw at my mind, fighting for recognition. Faster
and faster the jet stream of the Ether moves along, and I with it. A great
expanse opens up below me, allowing me to experience a rolling scene as 
I continue on my journey...
   It is a great battlefield below me, strewn with dead. The magnitude of
the carnage is awesome compared to that of previous times. Figures scurry
about the field of battle, tending to the wounded where possible. In some
places single combat still rages. The majority of the bodies appear to be
human, and suddenly I realize where I am. 
   On the plain below the Hosts of the Undead, acting with those Trolls and
Goblins that could be mustered, have dealt a serious blow to the forces of
Man by sheer weight of numbers. The one known as Krotche had brought forth
from the land of the Dead a powerful force known as the "E-bombe" which 
had wreaked great havoc among the living. 
   Onward the wind carries me, and this place blurs and is left behind. Ahead
is a wall of fire, a great conflagration. I am carried, not by choice, towards
it. Suddenly I am amongst the flames. Though I feel nothing, I can hear
the cries and screams of a thousand souls that have been burned away in this
fire. Then I am through the Fire, and into the Second Age. The wind which has
borne me ceases, and I am falling swiftly through the ether ever quickly. 
The medium begins to thicken, and I am falling through a viscous liquid.
It is water, and slowly I float back to the surface to be greeted by a new
vision unfolding before me...

   Spinning in a sudden whirlpool my vision of this place is swept away as
the journey continues onward. Moving in this new darkness I have been robbed
of sight. Cries of pain and anguish pierce the primordial black, but
I can as of yet see nothing. Arriving somewhere, I hear, and can almost feel, 
the rushing winds that buffet the place to which I have brought to. Slowly,
my mind's eye can once again witness events long past...

   The Dark Tower stands supreme across the vast wasteland plains. It appears
as a dark sword piercing the flesh of the earth, its obscene blade soaking 
the life's blood from the land. Atop its battlements a great battle rages. 
   I am there, and I can see the horror. A score of warriors had stormed 
the Tower to embrace in death the citadel's master, the Giant King. Now, most
of those warriors lie in bloodied heaps. Heads have been crushed, limbs 
severed, and bodies torn asunder. Such is the strength of the monster they
face, and such is the power of the weapon it wields, the Hammer of the Gods.
   Only two now remain standing to face the terrible wrath of the Giant King.
Their small statue hints at their nature, for they are Elves, and most of 
the lifeless clumps around them were the followers of these two, Halfdane and
Philox. 
   Darting in with slender blades, the two draw blood from scores of small
wounds, but their foe seems impervious to such attacks. Each swing of his 
mighty weapon holds death. Moving in a wide arc, the weapon falls upon Philox,
who crumples to the stone. Crushed, but still alive, he is barely able to
avoid the next blow which would have surely ended his existence. Halfdane 
moves in, but a glancing blow sends knocks him to the edge of the battlements.
   Frantically, Philox attempts to crawl away from the monster which now moves
towards him. His crushed legs useless, the Elf's hands claw at the stone wildly
in an attempt to find purchase enough to escape the plodding advance of the 
Giant King. With each step, the battlements shake, and Philox knows that he 
is one moment closer to a grisly demise. 
   The Giant King now stands over his prey, who has crawled alongside the
headless corpse of another fallen Elf. The great Hammer is raised, ready to 
strike the final blow. The gaze of the prey is mystically mesmerized upon 
the object of his destruction. Suddenly, a small silver blade appears from the
chest of the Giant. Befuddlement turns to joy as a small river of blood
begins to flow down the front of the Giant. Halfdane twists his sword, now
piercing the body of the Giant, with a howl of delight as the first hint of
victory presents itself. Philox allows himself a slight feeling of relief...
until the upraised Hammer comes crashing down to end his life.
   Horrified, Halfdane tries to thrust the sword deeper into his foe, but the
Giant King is not so easily undone. Twisting violently, the Giant throws 
himself free of his assailant and turns to continue the battle with the lone
attacker. Staggering, the Giant approaches the Elf with Hammer raised high,
the Elf sword still protruding from his chest. Halfdane pulls a dagger from
his belt and prepares to lunge. 
   The great reach of the Giant grants it the first blow at the lunging
figure, who takes it upon the shoulder. Halfdane feels half his body go 
limp as he falls in upon the giant, dagger reaching for its throat. As the
dagger finds its target, the giant grips and crushes his attacker in its 
iron grip. The breaking of bones is audible amidst the howls of the two 
fighters.
   Blood gushing from its throat, the Giant King finally releases its grip
and falls backward. The Hammer clatters down upon the stone of the battlements
as Halfdane slumps down, coughing blood and gasping for air. The Giant is dead,
but the victor's wounds are grievous as well. Summoning what strength still
remains, the Elf greedily clutches his prize, the Hammer of the Gods, and half
crawls, half stumbles, towards the stairs which lead down from the cold and
bloodied battlements of the Dark Tower...

   Dark clouds descend to blot out this image, and slowly motion through the
ether of this netherworld of waking dreams begins again. Faster and faster
my consciousness flies, glimpsing the great landmarks of a short-lived epoch:
The Lake of Rebirth, from whose waters the survivors of the First Great Fire
were drawn, the blackened plain and its Dark Tower, the trees of the first
Lothlorien, the City of Wizards, the grim escarpment and wilds of the Druids.
A solid plane of color approaches, marking the end of the Second Age, and the
beginning of the Third. Great noise and static mark passage through the
ethereal barrier, and then the Third Age roars up to greet me...

   It is night in the City of the Wizards. Comets streak through the stars 
above, and their light appears reflected in the city below. As the "reflections"
become more frequent, and brighter, however, it becomes clear that a great
battle is underway in the city below. 
   This is an age borne in combat, and bathed in blood. The City is now consumed
in a chaotic clash of arms and warriors. Small fires burn everywhere, the 
destructive testament of the magical attacks unleashed. Fortunately, the magic
of the City prevents and serious spread of fire, but the small conflagrations
wrap the night in an unholy glow. 
   Down the great central avenue of the City, The Avenue of the Necromancer,
strides a lone figure. He carries a long sword and is robed in a gray. From
the shadows suddenly pounce three warriors. Their armor is damaged, and smeared
with blood in a ironic match to their faces and limbs. They move in to surround 
their prey, hungry for an easy kill...
   The robed figure stops, and a sardonic smile comes to his lips. As one of
his assailants circles behind the him, he does not move. Slowly his arms raise,
and a low chant begins. While the three would be attackers halt in confusion,
the robed arms move faster, and a stiff wind whips up dust along the street.
A split second later, a swirling vortex of fire and brimstone engulfs several
blocks of the street. After a few seconds, the fire subsides, and the robed 
figure surveys the scene. This is the Wizard of Id, Archmage of the Wizards.
Three charred bodies, barely recognizable as human, can be seen. The Archmage
suppresses a chuckle, and calls out to the night: "Amateurs!" 
   Combat rages in other parts of the city, as the main groups attempt to 
organize themselves enough to tackle the power of the Archmage's spell of
Group Destruction. This night sees much of the Realm represented in the bloody
free for all now raging in the city. In a darkened alley a tough group of
bandage wrapped Undead led by Creeper battle with a more numerous group of 
Elves, including Philox who now carries the Shards of Narsil. 
   Those Wizards that remain, such as Raistlin and Qwertyuiop, move quietly 
through the night, working their magic from the shadows. Lone Warriors, such
as Creight Lersing and Willie stalk through the fires. These fearsome foes
are covered in thick armor, and seek battle with whomever will offer it.
   The images before me seem to blur and overlap. In this trip upon which
I have embarked, before this magical City, the visions and events of many 
different times blend together in a chaotic collage encompassing an entire
Age. Amidst the flickering shadows of the fires in the City Square, Fletch 
the Vole stands amidst a sea of fallen foes. In his hands is the Flangeris,
glowing slickly with blood as it rips through flesh and bone. Each swing of 
the armored Druid's weapon fells a foe, but more rise to take his place. Caught
in the tide of battle, Fletch's companion Junkie is swept away, out of the 
square. The fight rages on, but numbers and fatigue begin to tell. Alone at 
the last, Fletch breaks the Flangeris upon the magical cornerstone of the 
square, and intones the words of destruction which bring death down upon 
himself and his closest assailants. 
   In another part of the city the GoblinKing Mortem claws his way through 
a group of figures. Spraying blood and cries of anger pierce the night as
the goblin attacks in blinding fury amidst a shower of weapon blows. It is 
a ghastly orgy of death and violence that unravels before me in a neverending
panorama of blood. 
   More images appear suddenly, no longer seperated by the stretches of
blackness which indicate travel through this ethereal Netherworld of dreams. 
Before me is a hilltop fortress, possessing low towers and two open courtyards.
In the dim twilight that now fills the horizon, figures can be seen scurrying
amongst the battlements.
   Soulcatcher, the leader of those known as the Ten Who are Taken, has brought
his warriors to this fortress to do battle. Each of the Ten was once human, but
now has surrendered his soul into the servitude of a Higher Demon. These
disfigured, living zombies do battle with a band of smaller numbers. By their
garb, they can be recognized as Hel Druids.
   A narrow battlement overhangs both courtyards, and runs between two towers.
Within the walled confines of this walkway, a masterful confrontation is set.
The Huntress Ignatz, FireWalker of the Druids, pits the power of the Palantir
against the steel of Soulcatcher. As the foes inch closer over the
wind-buffeted platform, compatriots of both edge forward, seeking to bring their
weapons into play. WaterLord Mhoram, Caelic Lac Leman, Honninscrave, and
Cichol the Footless push forward, seeking to bring weapons to bear against
those of the Ten, the Faceless Man, NightCrawler, Bonegnasher, and the Nameless
One. 
   As the winds howl over the hilltop, the din of steel upon steel is heard.
Below the battlements, confused combat rages through the passages of the 
Hillfort. The TrollKing Lukaiyak, or Luke, has brought a few followers to 
join the haphazard muddle of combat taking place. Zooluk, the last Undead 
MummyKing is there to greet him with ancient claws.
   The sky turns darker, and like a leaf my vision is blown upon the wind,
higher and farther away. To the East I am taken, over the River Marshes and
the North Bridge, to the village of the Elves. This dark night, this magical
vision, has not spared the home of the Elves. Lothlorien forest is on fire.
   The searing heat blackens the trees, crisping the leaves to ash. Charred
corpses fall like rotted fruit from the platforms in the trees, as the homes
of these people burst alight with a white-hot glow. On the floor of the 
village lies the Last Elf Lord, Acekid, who once held the Hammer of the Gods. 
His existence has ended, here amongst the burning trees...

   As these visions flood my senses, I try to pull pack from the fast moving
images. An entire Age of violence and Death has been superimposed in a flurry
of visions. Where one part ends and the other begins is no longer clear to
the observer, which is I. Slowly it recedes; slowly I am spared from the
insanity which threatens to overtake me. Soothing black fills my eyes that are
not eyes, and comforting silence returns to replace the screams of the dying.

   Floating in the darkness, a dimmed vision takes shape. It is of a vast hall,
the resting place of heroes unknown. This vision I have not seen before, and
I feel it to be of a past unknown, or of a future as yet unrealized. I cannot 
say for sure where this road of dreams has taken me, but the power and 
serenity of this vision is clear. 
   Slowly even this fades into a thick mist. My consciousness is rising up
through the mist, leaving this place. The journey is at an end. 

   These are my words...
  
                                         Hierophantus the Old
   
